**02
Where did you grow up?
Where did you go to school?
Did you have a special place where you went to be alone as a child?
How did you rebel as a child?
What did you hide from your parents?
Are you the same person you were as a child, or much different?
Talk about a time when you got into trouble at school.
Do you consider your childhood a happy one?
What is your saddest memory?
What were your first words and who told you what they were?
Do you have any siblings?
Was there anything unusual about your birth?
Who did you think was the smartest person in the world?
What was your most memorable toy?
Who had the most positive influence on you?
Why were you given your name and does it have a special meaning?
Did you have your own telephone growing up, or any other special privileges?
Did you ever get lost?
What is a special compliment you always received?
In what organizations and extracurricular activities did you participate?
What was the craziest thing you did in your youth?
What secret fantasies and games did you have as a child that you told no one about?
What activities besides eating went on at the kitchen table in the home you grew up in?
What has changed most about the neighborhood you grew up in?
Did you ever run away from home?
What about being a child do you miss the most?
What do you wish you had started to learn as a kid?
What tokens of your childhood do you wish you had saved?
Did you enjoy physical education in school?
What were your hobbies?
What childhood address(es) and phone number(s) do you remember?
How did you get to school?
What scary creatures did you think were in your childhood bedroom?
Can you describe your first memory?
Can you describe your first time left alone at home?
Can you describe your first day at school?
Can you describe your first punishment for doing something bad?
Can you describe your first childhood crush?
Can you describe your first experience with death?
Can you describe your first great accomplishment?
What was the most fun subject in elementary school, and what was the subject you dreaded the most?
At what age did you start school?
If you were stranded 300 miles from home, do you know someone who would come get you?
Did you try to grow up in a hurry?
What is something you often did on Sundays?
Where did your family go on vacation?
Would you consider yourself well-behaved or badly-behaved?
If you had siblings, did you get along with them?
What significant historic events took place during your elementary school days?
What did you look forward to the most as a child?
What did you wish for more often and/ or more sincerely than anything else?
What do you remember of the lessons you were taught in elementary school?
What is one of your best and worst childhood memories?
What did you fear most about becoming an adult?
What was the remedy for the common cold in your home?
What was the most difficult thing to overcome from your childhood?
What details do you remember of your childhood bedroom(s)?
What playground activities did you like best?
Are there foods, smells, flavors, sounds, songs, etc. that bring back memories of your childhood?
What was the first book you remember reading just for fun?
What did your childhood bedroom look like?
Do you think that learning takes place in the womb?
What is your most vivid memory of elementary school?
What is something you really wish you had not started earlier in life?
Did you do as you were told when young or did you rebel?
Do you remember your bedtime rituals?
Do you remember what you dreamed of being when you grew up?
Do you remember your idols?
Do you remember a gift you made for someone?
Do you remember an incident in a school lunchroom?
Do you remember your chores?
Do you remember who told you about the birds and bees?
Do you remember what you daydreamt about?
Do you remember any childhood illnesses?
Do you remember your first big disappointment?
Do you remember your most embarrassing moment?
What big events happened in the year you were born and who was president?
Children’s stories: how do you think they have changed?
Was there anything unusual that happened to you in childhood?
Would your parents consider you well-behaved or badly-behaved?
Who was one of your most memorable teachers in elementary school?
What early lesson from childhood have you continued to follow throughout life?
Did you have any serious accidents as a child?
What is one modern-day convenience you did not have as a child that was easy to live without?
What grade in elementary school did you enjoy most?
What were you called when you were younger and how did you feel about it?
What book had the biggest influence on you?
Were you spanked?
What would you change about your childhood and why?
Who, if anyone, was at home when you returned from school?
What kind of place was the city or town you grew up in?
What mementos of your early childhood do you have?
When you got caught for doing something wrong as a child, did you blame someone else, deny you did it, run and hide, or take responsibility?
What from your childhood proved most valuable?
When you were young, were you allowed to complain when the going got rough?
What fads did you embrace while growing up?
What were you most afraid of?
Did you ever play hooky?
As a kid, I missed a chance to _____.
What childhood or high school dreams are you now glad never came true?
What especially attracted and fascinated you as a child?
If you could choose your childhood and youth to live over again, how would it be different?
Name five childhood accomplishments.
Did you have any pets?
How did you find out that boys and girls are different?
What advice do you wish you had taken from your parents?
What was a frightening event from your childhood?
In one word describe yourself as a child.
What was the hardest thing about growing up?
What did you wear when younger that mortifies you now?
What serious illnesses or accidents did you have as a child?
What stories have you been told about yourself as a baby?
What buzzword or phrase was highly popular during your teenage years?
Did you have teenage skin problems?
How was your birthday usually celebrated?
What was a fad in the decade in which you were born?
As a child, how did people describe you?
What is one thing every kid should have?
Did you go to camp?
Did religion play a part in your childhood social activities?
What were your favorite books?
What were your favorite foods?
What were your favorite games?
What were your favorite mentors/role models?
What were your favorite hiding places?
What were your favorite classes?
What were your favorite summer vacations?
What were your favorite words?
What were your favorite TV shows?
What were your favorite bedtime stories or lullabies?
What were your favorite campfire stories?
What were your favorite dreams?
What were your favorite memories?
What were your favorite babysitters?
What were your favorite pets?
What were your favorite photos?
What were your favorite collections or lucky charms?
What were your favorite nursery rhymes?
What is one thing you really disliked as a child that you now fully appreciate?
Did you believe in the Tooth Fairy?
What is the most mischievous thing you recall doing?
Were you generally popular or unpopular? Why?
As a kid, I lacked _____.
What qualities do you feel make you different as an adult from your childhood?
What object do you remember vividly from your childhood?
Do you think schools should require a life skills course before graduation?
Was your childhood carefree or full of worries?
What did you do when you came home from school?
What did you teach yourself?
Did you prefer English or science class?
Where did your high school crowd hang out?
In class or lecture room, did you sit in front or in an inconspicuous place?
What are the biggest gaps in your education?
Did you study more than party or party more than study?
Which teacher would be most proud of you and which one would be the most disappointed in you?
What is one thing that should be different in schools ten years from now?
What are your strongest memories of elementary school, junior high, and high school?
What were your high school colors, mascot, cheers, and school song?
Of what early accomplishment are you the most proud?
Are state and local officials working toward better public education?
What is the way you like best to learn?
Has anyone from your hometown become famous?
Was there ever a bully in your life? What was he or she like?
Is it possible to agree on a basic set of values to teach schoolchildren? Which ones?
Did you cram all night before exams?
What subject do you know better than any other?
What grade would you like to substitute teach for two months?
Have you ever cheated on a test or paper?
What textbooks do you remember?
What was the number of students in your high school graduating class?
What things do you remember about your childhood neighborhood(s)?
What was the name of your high school?
Do you remember your high school locker combination?
Do you think your school gave you a quality education?
Did you learn to remember through association?
What do you do now to continue your education?
What was the most foolish thing you did in high school?
What made your best teacher the best?
What school would you like to have attended?
If you could learn anything at all, what would it be?
Are you in favor of public schools teaching morals and moral behavior?
What did you do in study hall?
Did you learn how to speed-read or speed-write?
What did you discover about yourself in high school?
What subjects in school were completely useless to you?
What subject would you study if you had a year to devote to it?
If you were a teacher, what subject would you like to teach?
Did you like decorating when you were a child?
What was your favorite place to do homework and what were your homework rituals?
What is something you know more about than anyone you know?
Did you ever go to the principal’s office?
What is something in the past week that reminded you of your childhood?
What is something you wish you could have learned with the snap of your fingers?
What were your extracurricular activities in junior high and high school?
What students did you admire most in high school?
If you could choose, would you live your childhood over again?
If you could choose, would you have grown up in a different decade or era?
If you could choose, would you have been a more competitive kid?
If you could choose, would you have learned more in the “classroom of life” than in school?
If you could choose, would you have been a leader or a follower?
If you could choose, would you take back something you did? If so, what?
If you could choose, would you have been nicer to your parents?
If you could choose, would you have changed your appearance?
If you could choose, would you have worked harder in school?
If you could choose, would you have made more friends?
If you could choose, would you have had more belongings?
What is one thing you never did in high school that you wish you would have done?
What new course would you like to add to the nation’s school curriculum?
What do you think of private versus public school education?
Did you go to college?
Why did you go or not go to college?
What colleges did you apply to, if any?
How and where did you hang out in college?
What was your major in college and how did you pick it?
What childlike quality have you maintained throughout your life?
Do you have fonder memories of high school or college?
What could you not have made it through high school or college without?
Did you graduate from college in debt or debt-free?
What did you look like as a teenager?
What was a very difficult educational experience for you?
What is one of the most important things about life you learned in school?
Why did you pick the college you did and what was it known for?
Did you get rejected by any colleges? If so, which ones?
What was the toughest course you took and how did you get through it?
Who are some famous graduates of your college?
What was a seminar or workshop that really stuck with you?
What is a subject you think should be offered in school?
What is an area in which you would be able to teach to others?
What kind of grades did you get throughout school?
What were the fads during your teen years?
What is one subject you wish you had studied in school?
What word would you not want to spell in a spelling bee?
Were you a serious student or did you play too much?
Talk about grades and report cards.
Is the aim of schooling to teach how to think or to teach certain skills and facts?
Do you prepare thoroughly for tests?
What is the most important skill to have in school?
The most difficult thing in life is learning _____.
Should music be part of a well-rounded education?
What historical document (or part of one) do you think every American should know by heart?
What was the funniest thing someone wrote in your yearbook?
Would you consider getting a distance-learning degree?
Were there any college professors who really influenced you and how?
Where did you live when attending college?
What brands were extremely trendy during your teenage years?
Which foreign language would you most like to learn and why?
What big college events do you recall?
What foreign language should students be required to learn?
Did your parents go to college?
Have you ever gone back to visit your old school?
If cost was not a factor, would you go to private school?
If you had to do it all over again, would you work harder in school to learn more?
Did you ever attend a high school or college reunion?
Did you ever learn a text or portion of text by heart?
Did you ever turn in a cheater on a test or paper?
Did you ever earn an award at school?
Did you ever go to a prom?
Did you ever skip school?
Did you ever get suspended?
Did you ever learn Esperanto?
Did you ever take an IQ test?
Did you ever have a curfew?
Did you ever join a fraternity or sorority?
What foreign languages do you speak?
Do you still use any foreign languages you spoke while growing up?
What is one course you would like to retake?
What lessons have you learned between youth and now?
What were the largest and smallest schools you attended?
How do you learn best: by listening, watching, reading, or doing?
Would you rather have school paid for but not get a choice of where to go or go anywhere but have to pay for your education?
Did you receive financial aid for school?
What are things you once believed that more knowledge proved different?
How has your hometown changed since you were a kid?
What magical things happened in your childhood that you still cannot explain?
What was the one thing you worried about most?
What year in school would you like to do over?
Do you raise your hand and ask questions?
How has your high school changed since you went there?
Did you make the most of your high school years?
What is still the same about you as when you were young?
What mentors, dead or alive, do you wish you had access to?
What about you as a child do you hope people will remember?
How did growing up change you?
When looking back at your childhood, what do you and do you not want to repeat?