If you could only make one phone call, whom would you call?
As a child, were you closer to your mother or father?
What troubles did you have with your parents?
Which parent are you closest to now?
Did you share a room with a sibling growing up?
Are you close to your siblings?
Do you know what your mother’s or father’s childhood was like?
What is your ancestry and ethnic background?
How many generations can you trace of your family’s heritage?
What ancestor of yours would you like to meet the most?
What is your most painful memory of your father?
What is your most painful memory of your mother?
What is an embarrassing thing you found out about your parents?
What is your mother’s cologne?
What is your father’s aftershave?
Who is the best cook in your family?
What was your parents’ relationship like?
What might you have been like if you had had perfect nurturing?
What did you learn from your parents?
What things did your parents argue about when you were little?
Who is the most serious person in your family?
What family member do you take after the most?
Has anyone in your family been divorced?
What genetic diseases run in your family?
How was your relationship with your family when you first left home?
Who is the funniest person in your family?
Are your parents married or divorced?
Talk about a family secret or skeleton in the family closet.
What members of your family would you like to write or call that you have not kept in touch with?
What do you contribute to your family?
What would your reaction be if a close family member announced he or she was gay?
What are the most important things you learned from your father?
Would you like to have more brothers and sisters?
What is your happiest memory of your mother?
What stories were told about your grandparents?
Have you been to your ancestors’ homeland?
What family tradition would you love to continue and pass on?
What is an attribute of your own mother you see most in yourself?
Do you look up to or avoid a brother or sister?
If you did not know your parents, what two people would you choose as your mother and father?
What things are you good at that your parents were good at too?
Your mother often said _____.
How did your parents feel about their own parents?
Describe your relationship with your mother
Describe your relationship with your father
Describe your relationship with your sibling(s)
Describe your relationship with your cousin(s)
Describe your relationship with your aunt(s)
Describe your relationship with your uncle(s)
Describe your relationship with your grandmothers
Describe your relationship with your grandfathers
How do you feel about your family?
Who were your father’s heroes?
What were the special stories your grandparents told you?
What is the single most important piece of advice you would offer to newlyweds?
Are you interested in your genealogical background?
What is an attribute of your own father you see most in yourself?
What does your ethnic and cultural background mean to you?
What is something memorable that you experienced that your children will probably never get to experience?
What do you wish your parents would have told you while you were still a kid?
What would you do if your sibling told you that he or she killed someone in a hit-and-run accident? Would you turn him or her in?
What is your most beautiful childhood memory of your parents?
Your father often said _____.
What things did you love doing with your family?
What family heirlooms do you have and how did you get them?
If you could give an award to someone in your family, what would it be?
What are all the things you would like or would have liked to say to your mother?
What was something your parents did for fun?
What are/were your parents’ names and what did you call them?
Who is the “talker” of your family and who is the “listener”?
What troubles did you have with your mom when growing up?
What is one thing you would change about your parents?
What funny or crazy experience do you remember from a family gathering or vacation?
For what reasons are you proud of your sibling(s)?
What was your favorite stuffed animal?
Have you or your family been affected by a natural disaster?
What patterns have been handed down over generations?
What is the last place you went for a family vacation?
What are your opinions about divorce?
When was a time your family was in danger?
What is the biggest mystery in your family?
Could you sketch your family tree?
What do you think about young adults living with parents?
As children, did you play with your cousins?
Did your family experience a tragedy during your childhood?
Does your brother or sister embarrass or enchant you?
Were your grandparents born in America? If not, how did they get to America?
What do you think is the worst part of having a close family?
Do you wish you were born into a big family, medium-sized family, or as an only child?
If you had the power, how would you change your family?
What would a typical evening be like when your parents entertained friends?
What is the thing you disagree about most as a family?
What was a family project you worked on as a child?
What family trait would you like to pass on to your descendants?
How do you feel about having relatives stay with you?
What was the birth order among your siblings?
What was something you and a brother or sister did together regularly?
How would you describe your father or mother?
Describe something you and your father or mother did together.
What is something that made your mother or father happy?
Can you make some predictions for your children, grandchildren?
What is something you like or liked about one of your relatives?
How strong are your relationships with the members of your original family?
With what family member would you most like to work?
If you had to choose, would you hang out with your dad or your mom on a Saturday night?
If you had to choose, would you have left home at age fifteen or still live there now?
If you had to choose, would you dress like your parents or act like them?
If you had to choose, would you lie to your mom or to your significant other?
If you had to choose, would you be the oldest child or the baby of the family?
If you had to choose, would you be an only child or one of ten children?
What character or physical traits did you inherit from your mother and father?
Who were your mother’s idols?
Do you know your family’s special recipes?
How often did your parents say they loved you when you were young?
How did your mother and father meet?
If your ancestors emigrated from another country, from where did they come?
Describe the “ideal” family.
What is one of the ways you and a brother or sister are alike?
What arguments did you have over and over with your parents?
What are the ways you tried to make your parents happy?
How warm is your family?
What is your most horrifying childhood memory of your parents?
Who in your family do you most look like?
Have you ever visited a deceased friend or relative in a cemetery a year after they died?
Where did they settle and why?
What hobbies did your parents have during your childhood?
What do you depend on your family for?
What values did your parents instill in you?
What do you think of families with two mothers or two fathers?
How did you typically get into trouble with your parents and how were you punished?
What is your father’s work?
Would you care for your parents in their old age?
What unanswered question would you like to ask your grandparents?
What is something you did as a child that your parents still do not know about?
Who had more influence on you: mother or father?
Where was the secret hideout of your youth?
When you were young, were you told you could do or be anything you wanted?
What would make you feel betrayed by your mate?
What do you think about mandatory premarital counseling?
Do you think that kids raised in households without fathers are at a disadvantage?
What if you were infertile; would you adopt?
What if a friend of yours wanted a shotgun/whirlwind wedding; would you advise against it?
What if you found out you were adopted; how would you feel?
What if you discovered one of your parents having an affair?
What if you were a child again; what would you tell your parents?
What if you could change how you handled your most significant relationship; what would you do differently?
In your family, did everyone have their own seat at the dinner table?
What do you remember about your oldest relative(s) whom you knew personally?
What people did you have to take care of while growing up?
Did you play tricks on your siblings?
Are you the same person with your family as with your friends; if not, what are the differences and why?
Tell a story of an eccentric relative.
What is your happiest memory of your father?
What do you like about your sibling(s)?
What are your sisters and brothers like and what do they do?
Were your parents happy with the circumstances of their lives?
Can you recall a specific incident that got you into trouble at home?
What was the most memorable family outing?
Do you think you said or have said “I love you” enough to your mother and father?
What did your grandparents do for a living?
Do you feel that your parents did a bad, fair, good, or excellent job in raising you?
What was your upbringing: rich, poor, or middle class?
How often would you like to see your parents?
What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of your family?
What lessons did your parents feel strongly about passing on to you?
How did you usually eat dinner as a family growing up?
What deaths in the family affected you strongly?
Recall the first time you saw your siblings.
What family vacations were taken and where? What was a particularly memorable one?
Which relative did you or do you get along best with?
What do you think your parents worried about when they were your age?
Did you ever feel ashamed of either of your parents?
Describe your grandmothers.
Did your parents split up or divorce?
Name something you like or admire about someone in your family.
Would (or do) your parents make good grandparents?
What is one thing you would like to have changed in your mother’s life?
What is the nicest thing a brother or sister ever did for you?
What is the oldest family photograph that you have?
What is the location of your family’s memorabilia?
What was one of your mother’s strongest characteristics?
What is one of the ways your mother and grandmother were/are alike (or father and grandfather)?
What would you really like to say to your brother or sister?
Does your family have strong traditions that you still observe?
How much time did your parents spend with you when you were a child?
Did your parents choose a legal guardian for you if they died prematurely? If so, who?
What advice do you offer for getting along with stepparents?
Can you love your stepparents or adopted parents as much as a biological parent?
Who is the most musical member of your family?
What is one thing you would like to have changed in your father’s life?
In my house, we never had enough _____.
What things about your parents worry you?
What decision would you like your family to make regarding your life if you were mentally or physically incapacitated?
Are you better off than your parents were?
Did/do your parents understand you?
Do you think intelligence is related to genetics?
How did your parents react to your grades?
What person in your family would you like to travel back in time to meet?
What do you know about your parents’ values, philosophies, and religious beliefs?
Who is your most eccentric relative?
Who is your most famous ancestor?
Who is your family ashamed of?
Who is your family particularly proud of?
Who is your namesake?
Who is your favorite relative apart from your parents and siblings?
Who is the family member most similar to you?
Who is a family member who you have distanced yourself from?
Who is the relative you most enjoy visiting?
What was one of the more unique aspects of your family when growing up?
What is something you wish for your father?
What was the worst trouble you were in with your parents?
Who are two famous people you would have liked as parents?
What person from your family do you most admire?
Which is better: being a parent or grandparent?
How did you get along with your parents, especially as a teenager?
How much do you care about your genealogy?
With what family member have you regrettably lost touch?
What will be the one thing you will miss about your parents when they are no longer alive?
What member of your family do you feel closest to and why?
Who has the largest family you know?
What was an issue that caused a great rift between your parents and yourself?
Describe a typical family dinner.
Who in the family do you have the most difficulty communicating with?
What family reunions have you attended?
Describe your grandfathers.
How much affection did your parents show for each other?
What family events or activities give you happy memories?
What objects do you remember from your parents’ living room?
What could your family plan that would make you happy?
What is one thing you really appreciate about your family?
What are the most important things you learned from your mother?
Describe something of significance that someone in your family has taught you.
What do you and your siblings have in common?
Have you accomplished more than your parents?
What things were important to you as a teenager?
What did you do during the summers as a kid?
What do you know about your mother’s work and responsibilities?
Did you ever have to care for or parent one of your parents when you were a child?
What are the stupidest rules your parents had?
What warnings and old wives’ tales were you taught growing up?
What activity or event do you think every family should experience together at least once?
Have your mother and father said “I love you” enough?
What was one of your father’s strongest characteristics?
What is a trait you do not share with your siblings?
Which aunt(s) and uncle(s) were important to you?
What (if anything) do you remember or know about your great-grandparents?
What is a very happy memory you have of your family?
Describe your last family reunion and how many relatives attended?
Did you become who you are because of or in spite of your parents?
What is the way your sibling(s) and you act toward each other now?
Do little sisters and brothers have it easier or harder than older siblings?
What word or phrase describes your mother’s or father’s personality?
Describe your parents’ marriage while you were growing up.
What game(s) or song(s) did your family play or sing while traveling in the car?
Have either of your parents ever said they were sorry or asked your forgiveness?
What is a concern you have for a family member?
Did anyone in your family know someone or have an encounter with someone really famous?
How do you remember playing with siblings?
In what way are you and a parent alike?
How would you change the rules your parents gave you?
In what ways (if any) have alcohol or drugs affected your family?
Who wins most of your family arguments?
What kind of work did your mother’s parents do?
What kind of work did your father’s parents do?
Are either of your parents deceased? If so, who?
Have you ever accidentally called your current significant other by an ex’s name?
What present did you get from your parents that sticks in your memory?
What are three things you like and dislike about your parents?
Is interracial marriage okay or not okay?
Who is the most patient/helpful/generous/loving member of the family?
What were your parents’ most distinguishing features?
What is the way your sibling(s) and you acted toward each other as kids?
What family member would every adult do well to emulate?
How would your father or mother describe his or her father or mother?
What are your family’s traits: hotheads, worriers, avoiders of conflict?
What would you like to do for your parents to make their life more enjoyable?
Who lived the longest in your family’s history?
What is the most surprising thing you learned about your parents’ childhood?
Was there a time when your parents really embarrassed you?
What is the silliest thing your parents ever did?
What do/did you like about your parents?
Describe each family member in one word.
Why do moms and dads fight?
What is your family’s most memorable tradition?
What is your family’s most memorable holiday decoration?
What is your family’s most memorable vacation?
What is your family’s most memorable saying?
What is your family’s most memorable feud?
What is your family’s most memorable heirloom?
Tell a story you heard about one of your aunts or uncles.
Are you friends with your cousins?
How often do you contact your siblings?
Would you invite one of your parents to live with you if he or she was all alone and older?
Was yours a religious family or one that went to church in an obligated way?
Which of your male or female relatives served in the armed forces?
What is an endearing characteristic of your family?
Describe your mother’s most annoying habit.
What three instructions would you leave loved ones on getting through life successfully?
People should not have children before what age?
How did your parents handle the empty-nest experience?
Tell a story you heard about one of your ancestors.
Have you ever caught your parents having sex?
Does marriage mean the same to you as to your parents?
Would you want your marriage to be like that of your parents?
What was your relationship with your parents when you were a teenager?
What were your most memorable experiences shared with your grandparents?
What sights, smells, or sounds do you remember from your grandparents’ houses?
What is something your parents did that you have never forgiven them for and what would it take for you to forgive them?
What is something you wish for your mother?
Are your parents proud of what you have accomplished?
What things did you see or overhear that no one knew about?
What are your grandparents’ names and where did/do they live?
What did/do you call your grandparents?
What advice did your parents give you that you remember and use?
What is one thing you are especially glad your parents told you?
Tell a memory of your grandmother or grandfather.
How was affection expressed in your family growing up?
What are your parents like?
Describe your family’s economic conditions and how that affected your lifestyle.
Who usually calls more often: your parents or you?
What excuses do you use to not see relatives?
Would you ever let a relative live with you? Why or why not?
Who were your parents’ friends while you were growing up?
Have you been able to forgive your mother and father for their failures and imperfections?
When did you ever feel sorry for your parents?
What things do you hide when your family comes to visit?
What does true friendship mean?
When you meet people for the first time, what are you most interested in learning about them?
What was your most embarrassing moment in front of a group?
Are you a leader?
Who brings out the best in you?
Does being around people drain or motivate you?
Can you recognize friends by their scent?
How have friends enriched your life?
Who is your favorite person to gossip with?
What do your friends find likable about you?
Would you rather be caught naked by a friend or a stranger?
What friend taught you an important lesson about life?
When I am in a large group, I _____.
What family or person you know seems genuinely happy?
Who once came to your “rescue” and how?
Who is your best friend?
Would you rather spend time with your family or with your friends?
Have you ever stopped speaking with your parents for a long period of time?
Have you ever blamed your parents for your own flaws?
Have you ever told a friend or family member what you honestly think of him or her?
Have you ever forgiven someone who hurt you?
Have you ever had a friend who became like a member of your family?
Have you ever had to make a great sacrifice for a relative?
With whom would you like to develop a closer relationship?
You are embarrassed when you _____.
How do you like to show love to people who are special to you?
What friend do you miss the most?
What friends did you stick by when they went through a tough time?
What friend is most like you?
Would you betray a friend to get something you really want?
Is there someone you confide in or do you keep troubles to yourself?
Whose life have you made better (other than a family member)?
What people of great potential have you known and what happened to them?
How sociable are you?
Would you rather die without warning or die slowly, surrounded by family and friends?
What friends do you feel most and least comfortable with and why?
Describe your best friends during your teen years.
Whose party above all others will you never forget?
For years, I have missed and wondered about _____.
Is there anybody you just do not get along with?
What contributions do you dream of making to others?
Who is the most loving person you know?
Who is someone who listens when you talk to him or her?
What people are you not talking to anymore?
Who has really changed your life?
If you gave a party for all your friends, would they already know each other?
Who are the friends that went with you from elementary school through high school?
What is your limit for touching between platonic friends?
Whose advice do you listen to?
What is your favorite family photo?
Who is the most innocent person you know?
What friend do you not take seriously?
From whom have you received unconditional love and acceptance?
What room(s) do you like to gather in with friends?
Would you rather confront someone about lying or let it slide and try to forget about it?
What birthday party with friends do you remember well?
What clubs, social groups, and organizations do you belong to now?
In your closest relationships, what is the connection between intimacy and independence?
Would you rather have three very good friends or unlimited acquaintances?
What social situations make you flustered or nervous?
What was your family’s favorite snack when you were growing up?
What social or country club would you like to belong to?
Who do you usually spend the holidays with?
How important is it for you to be popular?
When people first meet you, you are afraid they will think _____ about you.
Do you deliberately make friends with people you think can help you?
What friend is most unlike you?
Do you stick by a friend even if they hurt you?
How often have you kept in touch with people you promised you would?
Do you get so angry that you shout at people who are closest to you?
Name ten people you know and like.
Do you prefer company or solitude?
How do you most often communicate your feelings to close friends when they are not near?
What clubs, social groups, and organizations did you used to belong to and why do you not belong anymore?
What is one topic you believe you should avoid discussing with those closest to you?
Do your friends tend to have easygoing or difficult personalities?
If you could spend a vacation with one person, who would it be?
What people do you wish you had not trusted?
Have you ever given someone a nickname that you knew they would hate and feel hurt by?
What is the nicest thing you ever did for someone else?
How would you spend six hours with your best friend?
Have you ever organized a large group of people to do something together?
Where is your favorite place to sit at home?
What people would you like to weed out of your life?
What would you do if someone you love deeply is murdered and you know the identity of the murderer, who is acquitted of the crime? Would you seek revenge?
What would you do if you discovered your best friend is addicted to drugs?
What would you do if you were at a party and people started gossiping about a friend who was not there?
What would you do if your friend and his or her mate have a violent fight in your presence?
What would you do if you feel a distance growing between you and a friend?
What would you do if someone insults a friend to your face?
What would you do if a close friend gets arrested for theft?
What would you do if your best friend has a weight problem?
You can have one person from any time in history call you for advice and follow what you tell him or her to do. Who would you want it to be?
What would you say to the person you lost and later found?
Do you confide in someone on a daily basis?
Did you ever have a physical fight with a friend?
Do friends call before they stop by?
If you disapproved of a friend’s behavior or decision, would you tell him or her?
What new friends have you made?
What frustrates you most about your current relationships?
What do you look for in a friend now?
What relationships are most important to you?
What qualities would your relationships ideally have?
Who is someone you wish you had seen more of as an adult?
How much does it matter that most people like you?
How does your family celebrate Christmas or Hanukkah?
Do you remember the dates of your best friends’ birthdays?
What was a big misunderstanding you had with a friend?
Who has ever betrayed you?
Would you commit perjury for a close friend?
Who is your best neighborhood friend as an adult?
When you reminisce with friends about wild times, do you have to flash back more than five years?
How do you get the attention of your friends and family?
What relationships should you end altogether?
Do you like mixing with people who are unpredictable and/or nonconformist?
What grabs your attention when someone walks by?
What charity work have you done?
How do you prefer that affection is expressed toward you?
Do you have any friends with severe health problems?
What are two things that help people have a close relationship?
Is there a limit to the number of friends a person should have?
Would you lie to keep a friend out of trouble?
What volunteer work would you like to do?
What qualities make a person a “best friend?”
If your friends or family members were willing to bluntly and honestly tell you what they really thought of you, would you want them to?
What kinds of people do you like the most?
Would you lie so as not to hurt someone’s feelings?
Do you like constant company or to be alone at times?
What people have you met on vacation who have become friends?
Are you more comfortable around men or women and why?
How did someone once help you when you were not feeling well?
Do you think you are a good judge of character?
Have you ever been wrong about a friend’s character?
What social event did you not want to go to that turned out great?
Who is the kindest person you have known?
Are most of your friends older, younger, or the same age as you?
What quality do you like most in a person?
If you could give some of the good in your life to someone, who would it be?
How do you react when a friend criticizes you?
Your close friend asks—and genuinely wants—your opinion on something, but your opinion is one that he is likely to find quite painful. Would you tell your friend the truth?
What makes your best friend special to you?
What makes someone unforgettable?
What would be the most difficult thing to forgive someone for?
What is more important to you: work and accomplishments or friends and family?
Does other people’s ignorance appall you or can you tolerate it?
What are three good reasons why someone should have you for a friend?
What are some funny thing(s) that happened to you and a friend?
What criticism directed at you has been the most difficult for you to let go of?
Do you hate anyone?
Would you rather be a half hour early to a party or an hour-and-a-half late?
What was an embarrassing incident with a good friend?
What games have you played to get on the right side of people who matter?
Compassion and goodness remind you of whom?
Do you enjoy or not enjoy big noisy parties?
How long have you known your best friend?
Who is someone who encourages you?
What would you do if everyone in your family forgot your birthday?
What is a characteristic in others that you admire?
What is the greatest distance you traveled by car on a family vacation?
Who is your best character witness?
Who is someone who frightened you and how?
Who would you want in your lifeboat?
Who would you take on a month-long backcountry camping expedition?
What is the one thing that someone has said or done that showed his or her support for you?
What is a particularly dangerous thing you did with a friend?
Do you have more friends or enemies?
What have you learned from your enemies?
I am sorry that I will never again see _____.
Where did you and your friends spend time as teenagers?
Do you get embarrassed when people do something special for you?
Do you introduce yourself or wait for others to introduce themselves?
Do you prefer small groups or big parties?
Do you need to be indispensable to family and friends?
Do you prefer being alone or with someone?
Do you prefer to attend big family reunions or school reunions?
Do you have a friend who passed away?
Do you have a friend with a different ethnic background?
Do you know the color of all of your friends’ eyes?
What happens to the family when it is under stress?
What would you like to learn about your family history?
What friends from high school do you stay in touch with?
Do you live in or near the same town you grew up in?
When was a time that peer pressure influenced you and was the outcome positive or negative?
What is the one family value you believe in the most?
If money was not an issue, what gift would you like to buy someone in your family?
How do you feel about teenage marriages?
What is something your father or mother considered very important?
How forgiving are you when someone lets you down?
Who would you like to get in contact with that you have not spoken to in years?
Who were the major betrayers in your life, especially those you were always loyal to?
Talk about “your crowd”—the people with whom you spend the most time.
Who do you trust more than anyone in the world?
What is the most selfless thing you have done for someone?
When you really want to get to know someone, do you tell them?
What kind of people do you like to spend time with?
What do you find interesting about people?
What friends do you still have from your childhood?
What can you do to be a better friend?
Would you sponsor a foreign visitor in your home?
Have you ever had a difficult neighbor?
If you were lonely, who would you seek out?
If someone hurt you terribly and got away with it, would you seek revenge?
Do you have friendships that have lasted over 10 years?
Do you win people over by telling them what they want to hear?
Do you feel vengeful or forgiving if someone hurts you?
Do you stay in contact with many people from your past?
Do you stay in the background at parties or put a lamp shade on your head?
Do you take advice from friends?
Do you seek advice from friends?
Who has been your friend longest and what do you like best about that friend?
How important is it that your friends share your values?
Do you share the same values as your parents?
What are the differences between your mother and your father?
How are you different from your siblings, if you have any?
Who is the most important person in your life?
Are you slow to trust people?
Was there a time when you could have helped someone and regret not doing so?
Who is someone you would describe as a “real character?”
Do you expect a great deal of others? Of yourself?
Do you remember names of the people you meet?
Have you ever had a feud with someone that went on too long?
What person has stayed by you through thick and thin?
Do you do your share or more than your share?
Do you like or dislike throwing parties?
Is your current best friend anything like your childhood best friend?
Who is your best reference when applying for a job?
When you fall in love, do your relationships with friends and family change?
What things do you display when friends come to visit?
What would be the perfect party?
What traits do you not like in other people?
How many times in an average week do you go out socially with your mate; with your friends?
What activities in your community would you like to take part in?
Who is someone you would really like to be friends with?
Who is the funniest person you have known and how did you meet?
Who did something for you that seemed insignificant at the time that ultimately had profound impact on your life? What did this person do and how did it impact you?
Do you try to change someone when your opinions differ?
Are you a party person?
What do you think about fighting?
Who loves you for who you really are?
Who were your first friends and relationships after college or the military?
Are you quick or slow at making new friends?
What is the strangest name of someone you know?
To whom did you turn for advice as a teenager? Why that person?
Under what circumstances would you lay your life down for a friend?
Have you ever read someone’s diary without his or her permission?
What have you learned from friends who have a different background from you?
What do you and your friends do together?
What people were unfriendly to you in the last year?
You are embarrassed when others _____.
Have you ever looked up an old friend online?
Did you learn to take yourself less seriously through your friendship with someone?
What people have you hurt that you are sorry about?
For what particular person do you have the most respect?
How much influence do you think you have on people?
Do you wish you had more influence on people than you do?
Are you most attracted to people who seem fascinated by you?
Do you believe it’s generally a bad idea to go into business with friends?
Whose deaths have moved you the most?
What three qualities do you require in a friendship?
You can tell a lot about a person by _____.
Do you prefer to hang out with people who are like you or who are totally different from you?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Do you have any friends from your parents’ generation or older?
Would you rather talk to everyone at a crowded party for a short time or have a significant conversation with two people?
What was the kindest thing a stranger ever did for you?
Would you tell a good friend if they had bad breath?
What would be a fun new way of greeting people?
Are you married?
Do you have kids?
If you do not have kids already, do you want kids?
Do your takes on the joys and anxieties of child-rearing complement or contradict your partner’s?
Giving birth: how old is too old?
Would you rather have ten children or none?
What is the scariest thing about parenting?
What should children always be punished for?
Should children be sheltered from unhappiness?
How would you handle sex education for children?
What do you think is the most difficult thing about being a teenager today?
How would you react if your child was homosexual?
How often do you see or talk to relatives or family members who don’t live with you?
What drives you craziest about children, yours or others?
What special problems do unwed mothers face?
Do you think it is a problem when children are born to single parents?
Would you ever employ a nanny or guardian for your children?
What are your thoughts on how children are raised today?
What is one thing you would like to be sure your children remember?
What part of parenting do you think you could be better at?
What is the single-most important piece of advice you would give a child?
What parenting moment would make you most proud?
Do you believe in not allowing kids to see certain movies and TV shows?
How do you feel about spanking a child?
Who is someone you respect and why?
Who is the biggest person you know?
Who is your most eccentric friend?
Who is the person who can help you negotiate a path through a crisis?
Who is someone you wish you had never met?
Who is one childhood friend you would like to know what happened to?
Who is your long-time enemy?
Who is someone you would like to speak at your funeral? What would he or she say about you?
Who is your best friend of the opposite sex?
Tell about an incident with a child in a supermarket or store.
What did/would you name your children?
What should be the earliest age for piercing ears?
What is a parent’s greatest accomplishment?
What do you think is the most difficult aspect of being a parent today?
What do you like best about kids, yours or others?
How many children have you planned to have?
What would you like to teach your children about death and dying?
What school or type of school do you want your children to attend?
What was the most important thing that your parents did in raising you that you would like to do for your children?
What qualities of your grandparents and parents would you like your children to have?
What is something you did for your children that you would never have done for anyone else?
What is the greatest lesson a child ever taught you?
What would you like to teach your children about puberty and sex?
Is it harder, easier, or the same to love an adopted child?
At what age do you think children are most difficult?
Would you rather know the sex of your unborn child or be surprised?
Is it possible to be a perfect parent?
What was your proudest moment as a parent?
What do you think about parents having a baby sleep in their bed?
When should you tell a child that there is no Santa Claus?
What would you do if your baby was born with Down’s syndrome or any other developmental disability?
What chores would you assign to children to teach work and responsibility?
How can you make your dad or mom smile?
How can you make more time for the people you love?
How can you teach your children about the role of money in life and responsibility?
How can you discipline children while still showing you love them?
How can you help your children to get along better with other children?
How can you even out the workload between mothers and fathers?
How can you get kids to watch less TV?
What difference is there in satisfaction for parents raising an adopted child?
What is the oldest age that you would want to begin parenthood?
Do adopted children love their adoptive parents as they would have loved their birth parents?
What kind of person do you want your child to marry?
When should a child be told that he or she is adopted?
Do you think adopted children have the right to know their birth parents?
If allowed to make only a fifteen-minute videotape for your kids before you die, what would you say?
What is a good treatment for the baby blues?
What has the most influence on today’s children?
Do you have nicknames for your children?
What is something you think you should tell your children that you are reluctant to tell them?
What adjustments must be made by a couple with children?
Have your parents played an important role in the lives of your children?
Do you think preschool-age children suffer if both parents work outside the home?
Do you have a child who is most like you?
Do you have a child who is most like your partner?
Would you stop your child from living on a coed floor or in a coed dorm?
At what age should children be allowed to get their driver’s license?
How does family life differ for your children from the way family life was for you?
What were the first fully understandable words your children spoke?
How do you work out differences in parenting styles?
When has a child inspired you?
What would you do if your teenager stole from you?
What punishment is most appropriate for kids?
Describe what kind of relationship you would like to have with your kids.
Are teenagers being pushed into acting older than they really are?
Do you think that you are/would be a good parent?
What traits do you think are most important to instill in a child?
What TV mom or dad do you think you are most similar to?
What famous person would you like to have a child with?
What things would you want to convey to children to help them along in life?
What makes a child spoiled?
What is worse: overprotective or permissive parents?
Do you think kids watch too much television?
Should men be made to have babies?
What would you like to teach your children about different cultures and races and about people with disabilities?
Would you push your kids to excel at almost any sacrifice?
What are the most difficult things single parents have to face?
What career path would you like your children to enter?
What goes through your mind when you see a newborn child?
Do you like to be around children?
Would you rather encourage your child in the arts or in sports?
Would you discourage your child from developing a talent that may not provide a lot of money?
Your child has talent but wants to quit music lessons because of the hard work; do you relent?
What would you like to introduce and share with your children to help them grow intellectually?
Can you hug kids too much?
What is the most important duty of a parent?
What is one famous quote you want your children to remember?
What is something you think moms will always be better at than dads?
What is the most draining aspect of parenthood?
What is the most fulfilling aspect of parenthood?
Should underage children be allowed to drink alcohol in their own homes?
What do you think about prodding unwed dads to admit paternity?
What is the best stuff your parents taught you about life?
What is the best way to deal with someone who has hurt you?
What is the best nickname of someone you know?
What is the best part of being a parent?
What is the best way to show children that you really love them, besides hugs and kisses?
What is the best place to raise kids?
Should men have a say in whether or not a woman has an abortion?
How does one “shape the will without breaking the spirit” of children?
What is one thing you would like to be sure your children remember about you?
What would be the message you would like to give your great-grandchildren?
Are you comfortable talking “baby talk” to babies?
Do you prefer the people in your life to be simple or complex?
What did you think when you first saw your baby(ies)?
How much do you read to your children?
What would you do if your children started using drugs?
What type of grandparent would you be?
If you knew that your child would be born with a genetic defect and is likely to die by the age of five, would you decide to have an abortion?
At what age do you think children are cutest to observe?
What professional athlete or other famous person is the best role model for children today?
What do you think about nursing a baby in public?
How does TV affect kids’ attitudes, values, and behavior?
What games and activities do you play with your children?
What toy do kids have that you would like?
Would you ever adopt a child?
What is your definition of love and how would you describe it to a child?
What is the most important thing you would want to teach your kids?
What is something that today seems impossible to do or achieve with your children?
What is the ideal age to become a parent?
What would be the ideal number of children if money was no concern?
What would you like to do for your children’s weddings?
What would you do for a kid having a temper tantrum?
Should age sixteen be the age for a driver’s license?
Would you do homeschooling? Do you think it’s a good idea?
What influences do we need to protect kids from?
Why do you want to have kids?
What would you do or how do you think you would react if you found out that your child was pregnant or responsible for getting someone pregnant while in high school?
Dangerous kids: how far should we go to keep them in check?
Dating age: how young?
What things would you like to teach your children before they learn them from someone else?
If adopted, would you try to find your birth parents?
When was a time when a child embarrassed you?
Would you want your children to be lawyers?
If you were to have a child right now, would you rather have a girl or a boy?
What are three things you would not allow your children to do?
What values do you want to pass on to your children?
Does your lifestyle undermine any values you would want your kids to have?
What is one piece of advice you would give to a new mother or father?
What kind of life would a child born to teenage parents experience?
What is something you had to do that you would not want your children to ever have to do?
Under what circumstances, if any, is it okay to hit a child?
How do/would you confront and discipline your kids?
What makes a great parent?