Anything can be fun if you want it to be: agree or disagree?
What is the most exciting thing you have done on a dare?
How do you like to go crazy and have fun?
What is the best clean joke you have ever heard?
What was the craziest thing you ever did in the woods?
What was your best New Year’s Eve?
What was your best Christmas or Hanukkah?
What was your best birthday?
List ten things you like to do for fun. Were they on your list five years ago?
What would you do if your TV stopped working?
What team sport do you excel at?
Would you rather skydive or hang glide?
What physical activity, like running or kayaking, would you like to begin?
Where would you like to go surfing and why?
What is the most outrageous thing you have done for money?
What song best captures an experience or feeling you had?
Who is the sexiest actor and actress?
What are your preferences in music?
What was the last book you read and why did you choose it?
What are you currently reading?
Would you rather put together a 30,000-piece jigsaw puzzle or read a dictionary cover-to-cover?
Have you ever taken art lessons?
If you could have any television program back, not in reruns but in new episodes, which program would it be?
What Trivial Pursuit category do you answer correctly most often?
What are your favorite sports teams, college and professional?
What would you like to be able to create with your own hands?
What subject do you most appreciate in art (e.g., flowers, people, etc.)?
What movie plot did you find most confusing?
During which movie did you laugh the most?
Have you ever performed in public and did you enjoy it?
What is the most fun you have had?
Which actress and actor deserve Oscars who have never won one?
Have you ever played in a band or sung with a group?
What is your current opinion of TV?
What is the most enchanting music you have heard?
What magazines do you read?
What book do you think should have been a movie?
What songs do you remember dancing to?
Do you approve or disapprove of betting on professional sports?
Would you rather travel with a circus or a minor league baseball team?
When and where was the last time you really got to dance?
Do you like to dance?
What was your best golf score and what was the course like?
What exciting escapades can you share?
What event in your life would you like to write a song about?
Is there a common denominator in your five favorite films?
Have you ever called in a dedication on a radio show?
Would you rather browse through a bookstore or a record store?
What is your favorite aerobic activity?
What is your favorite Broadway or movie musical?
What is your favorite type of music?
What is your favorite sports tradition?
What is your favorite playground equipment?
What is your favorite type of dancing?
What is your favorite outdoor activity?
What is your favorite arcade game?
What is your favorite video or computer game?
What is your favorite type of exercise?
What is your favorite concession stand food?
What is your favorite water sport?
What is your favorite amusement park ride?
What is your favorite sport to play?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
What movie could you see again and again and again?
Is there usually a TV on in your house no matter what time of day it is?
What movie have you seen several times?
What board game have you had the most luck at?
Is there much music in your house? What kind? Is there much talking?
What category on a quiz show would you choose to get the best chance of winning?
At your worst, you are most like what famous person?
What kind of band do you see yourself fronting?
What subject or story would you like to make a movie about?
What book do you strongly recommend?
What is the value of movie reviews?
What is your opinion of soap operas?
What song do you consider the most romantic?
Is there any value to watching TV?
List five hobbies that sound fun.
Would you sing karaoke in front of strangers?
If you went to a beach and it turned out to be a nude beach, would you stay and go swimming?
Would you rather go hiking or watch TV?
Are you a frequent theatergoer?
Have you ever played a sweepstakes?
Do you like to sunbathe, or do you stay out of the sun?
Have you ever made your own film or video?
Do you enjoy listening to books on tape?
Did you ever perform in a local theater or civic organization show?
Should there be a Miss America contest?
Would you compete in a beauty contest?
What figures do you doodle?
What was the last live performance you saw?
Have you ever been in the studio audience of a talk show?
Would you rather go swimming or shopping?
What, in your opinion, is the most misunderstood song lyric?
What sequel to a movie would you write?
Have you ever written a story about yourself?
Are you a fan of any unusual music or films?
Have you ever invented anything just for fun?
If you could watch only one hour of TV a week, what would you watch?
What singer would you like to sing a duet with?
Do you read but not buy magazines in the checkout lane?
What was your most creative act thus far?
Daily journal: would you write censored or uncensored if you knew future generations would read it?
What movie character did you think was most like you?
Do you sing along when “The Star-Spangled Banner” is played?
What is the funniest photo you have taken or seen?
What fan letters have you written?
If you stopped watching TV for a year, what would you do with the extra time and what would you miss most on TV?
What was the best end to a football game you have seen?
What would be a good replacement for TV commercials?
What inanimate object would you choose to be the latest fad?
What was the most memorable musical performance you have heard?
Do you enjoy playing games or have to win to enjoy?
Do you consider yourself in or out of shape?
Do you go on the roller coaster at the amusement park?
Do you enjoy rough physical activity?
Do you go to movies more now or in the past?
Do you have music on or appreciate silence most of the time?
Do you watch soap operas?
Do you miss record albums?
Do you enjoy ballet or other dance performances?
Do you play cards?
Do you prefer to read or listen to a book on tape?
Do you enjoy sharing leisure time or prefer to be alone?
What music do you prefer to listen to when you are alone?
What was the last great play or movie you discussed with other people?
Have you ever seen a XXX movie?
What movie set would you have liked to live on?
What musical instruments would you like to learn or improve your performance on?
Poetry: do you like it or not?
Do you prefer clean or dirty jokes?
Do you shop for fun, or only when you need something?
Do you like being on the phone?
What were the last three books you bought?
What photo or picture really moves you?
What movie did you like that everybody else hated?
What is too serious to joke about?
What do you think is funny?
What event(s) did you want to see that you bought scalper tickets for?
What new dance styles would you like to learn?
Do you mark in the books you read and why?
What performer would you most like to see in person?
What dances were popular when you were a teenager?
What type of postage stamp would you design?
“Behind the scenes” look: where would you like to have it?
Do you do crossword puzzles?
What songs do you know by heart?
Do you follow current music or prefer oldies?
What TV shows do your kids watch? What are their favorites now and in the past?
What singer or band do you currently listen to the most?
What effect do commercials have on you?
Can you do ballroom dancing with the right steps?
Have you ever snuck into a second movie at a multiplex?
On what subject(s) would you like to write a book or article?
What things have you made by hand for people?
What would you like to sell in a TV commercial?
What actor most deserves an Academy Award?
Talk about a recent movie you enjoyed.
What album have you listened to the most times and why?
Do you enjoy making or building things?
What famous last words inspired you?
What books have you wanted to read more than once?
Who is an author who has affected you?
Do you support TV and radio public broadcasting?
Have you ever seen the Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What new hobbies have you taken up?
What circus act would you like to perform?
Where do you shop the most?
How do you organize your photos?
What was the last really trashy book you read?
What do you do only when you are alone?
Have you ever taken music lessons?
Has a song ever hijacked your brain?
Tell about a joke you played on someone.
What were the last three songs or albums you bought?
Do you write letters or postcards?
Do you know any limericks?
What was the last movie you cried at?
What would you name your rock band?
Which actor or actress deserves to play you in an A&E Biography?
What picture would you like of something?
What song makes you instantly happy?
Do practical jokes amuse or annoy you?
What sound would you miss if suddenly unable to hear it?
Would you miss the printed newspaper and why?
What do you like to do on a rainy Saturday or other day off?
What do you do to reward yourself when you complete a difficult task?
What do you call a perfect evening out with your significant other?
What do you do with books you have already read?
What do you cut out from newspapers?
What do you think of the TV ratings system?
What do you think about camping?
What do you like to do in a swimming pool?
Have you ever walked out of a movie or play and why?
What director do you admire most?
What is in your home library?
What specific book(s) would you like to read within the next year?
Do you like doodling and drawing?
Who are the authors whose every book you have read?
If you wrote a book, who would you dedicate it to?
What song could you sing in front of a group?
Do you use TV as company/noise, for specific programs, or as an escape?
What front-row seats would you like to have for a singer or musical group?
Have you ever been in a parade?
What object in a museum do you most want to see?
Do you prefer classical music or rock and roll?
What videos would you like in your collection?
What home entertainment gadgets do you use?
Would you rather be on the cover of a news magazine or a celebrity/entertainment magazine?
What is something you do to relax?
Do you escape via soap operas, mystery novels, or anything trashy?
Would you like to be on a talk show?
If you had two hours to waste on anything, what would you do?
What toast do you make most often?
What movie sound tracks do you own?
Do you watch or look at pornographic videos or material?
Do you go on roller coasters at amusement parks?
What hobby makes you feel most relaxed?
Have you ever reread books; what is the criteria for doing so?
How would you rate your karaoke singing ability from 1 to 10?
Do you have a poem memorized?
Would you rather watch a drama or a comedy?
Would you rather watch TV or read a book?
Do you and your mate agree on ways to spend leisure time?
How many hours of TV do you watch per day?
What forms of art have you tried?
If you wrote a children’s book, what would be your choice of setting and main character?
Which is better: the book or movie version of _____?
If you started a new talk show, who would be your first guest(s) and why?
Do you prefer surfing the Internet over watching TV?
Do you read science fiction?
How often do you go to the movies?
What artist of today do you think will be remembered 100 years from now?
What music do you play when you are really happy? When you are down?
When do you listen to music on a device?
What is your favorite Web site?
Would you rather read fiction or nonfiction?
How many newspapers do you read a week?
What annually televised event is an absolute must-see for you?
In what ways does TV affect your relationships?
What was the most boring movie you ever saw?
What are you uncomfortable with on TV?
Singing alone, what song(s) do you sing?
What is the worst work of art you ever saw?
Do you prefer quiet or vivid paintings?
What one existing book or movie title defines your life?
What Broadway plays have you seen?
Do you like to watch television alone or with other people?
What magazines do you subscribe to?
What is the funniest bumper sticker you have seen?
Do you write letters to the editor?
Has anything you have written ever been published?
Can you sing well?
Can you do a good imitation of anyone or anything?
Can you whistle?
Can you tell when someone is singing off-key?
Can you name three currently popular musicians or musical groups?
Can you roller skate, ice skate, or in-line skate?
Can you juggle?
Can you do a split?
Can you curl your tongue in different ways?
Which current celebrities do you think will be remembered in fifty years as legends and why?
Do you like discussing a movie afterward or like to keep the experience to yourself?
Who is the most overrated actor in Hollywood?
Who is the most inspiring famous woman or man?
Describe an article you read recently.
Where would you film an action-adventure movie?
Would you rather see Elvis Presley or John Lennon return from the dead?
What famous person do you resemble the most?
Have you ever had a favorite bar or hangout?
If you could paint anything in the world, what would it be?
Which entertainer has the best voice?
If you were paid to write a new book on any subject you wished, what would it be about?
What is your singing ability on a scale of 1 to 10?
Do you color in coloring books?
Where do you like to read?
Who is the most romantic singer?
What are the most albums you have by an artist?
Do you have your own personal Web site?
What is the most timeless toy?
What movie had the most impact on your life?
Do you have a favorite quotation?
Who would you like to play opposite as leading man or lady?
What would you do on a free sunny afternoon?
How often do you look at mementos and keepsakes?
What is your idea of a really relaxed evening?
What special event would you like a VIP pass to attend?
What book would you like to memorize?
How is your music organized? How are your books or other collections organized?
Who is an entertainer everybody loves but you?
Are you good at trivia questions?
What painting would you like to “walk into” and “experience”?
What thoughts and feelings come to mind when you think of “play?”
What proverbs or sayings do you use often?
What was the most enjoyable club, league, or team to which you belonged?
Who is the sexiest male and female celebrity?
Do you like autobiographies?
Would you rather go to an opera or a county fair?
What is an ideal way to spend a hot Saturday in mid-July?
What would you consider an embarrassing piece of music in your collection?
How long do you think you could go without watching TV?
What is your favorite romantic film?
What celebrities would you like to punch in the face?
What memento of a famous person would you like to have?
What character in what novel would you like to be?
During which movie did you cry the most?
Would you rather listen to a news station or a music station?
Do you enjoy or avoid horror movies?
Do you buy books or borrow them from a library?
Would you rather read a book or listen to music?
What would you do with one week to do anything, all expenses paid?
Do you sing, hum, or whistle often?
What reading material is in your bathroom?
What cartoon character do you most identify with?
How often do you look at old yearbooks?
When was a time you performed in front of an audience?
If you could be either a popular singer or a successful writer, which would you choose and why?
Do you know the words to “The Star-Spangled Banner”?
What comics did you read when growing up?
What is the most recent hobby you took up?
What would be the premise of a novel you would like to write?
What hobby would you like to make into a career?
What famous people do you most enjoy reading about?
If you were an artist, what would be the theme of your drawings or paintings?
What performers did you see in concert when you were young?
Would you rather read 100 pages of the Bible or about medieval politics?
What TV show would you most like to be on?
What is the first work of art you remember creating?
Are you interested in antiques?
What was the last movie you saw?
What leisure-time equipment would you like if space and money were not a restriction?
What movie prop or piece of memorabilia would you like to own?
What piece of music makes you sentimental and what does it remind you of?
Do you keep a sketchbook or diary?
Would you rather see the movie or read the book?
Would you rather be a painter, a writer, or a musician?
What card game are you best at?
What people do you respect for creative achievement?
What musical instrument would you like to be able to play professionally?
What is your favorite computer game?
What fairy tale or children’s book character do you relate to?
What new ride or attraction would you design for Walt Disney World?
What how- to instruction book would you like to write?
What is the one form of entertainment you would want on a desert island with you?
From whom would you like to receive a letter?
Does it usually take you a long time or short time to read a book?
Should intellectual events be more popular than sports events? Will it ever happen?
What stage name would you choose for your film debut?
How many channels do you need on your television?
What is your ideal hobby? How would it enrich your life?
What artist would you like to commission to create a painting for your home?
Have you ever been a contestant on a game show?
Would you skydive?
Would you try parachute jumping?
Would you ever pose nude for a photograph taken by someone else?
Would you sit in the front seat of a roller coaster?
Would you sing in front of a large audience?
Would you scuba dive?
Would you swim across the Amazon River?
Would you ride 150 mph in a race car?
On what TV game show would you like to appear?
What magazine would you like to see on every coffee table in America?
Would you rather write a bestseller or be a famous model?
Would you rather climb a mountain or read a good novel?
What sport do you wish was coed?
How often do you exercise?
What recreational game or sport would you like to play with others?
What is your favorite sport in which animals participate?
Do you like hiking?
What were your horseback riding experiences?
Would you rather be the worst player on a championship team or the best player on a last-place team?
What is an activity that makes you feel alive?
When playing sports, do you prefer competing against someone who is worse or better than you?
What was your highest score in bowling?
Would you rather roller skate or ice skate?
Do you like or dislike exercising?
Do you watch regular season games of sporting events or just watch the play-offs and championship games?
What gold medal would you like in your trophy case?
Have you ever caught a fish?
Who is or was the most courageous athlete?
Would you rather swim in the ocean or in a pool?
Golf: luck or skill?
Do you think women should directly compete with men in sports?
What is the most exciting sporting event?
What would be the ultimate test of your endurance?
Do you own, rent, or borrow camping equipment?
Where in the world would you like to go hiking?
Which professional sports team would you like to coach and what would you do the first week on the job?
Give a sports cheer or chant you remember.
What should the next Olympic sport be and why?
What type of home exercise equipment have you purchased?
What was an entertainment or sporting goods item that ended up being a waste of money?
What sport do you think is the most dangerous and would you try it?
Would you rather fly a kite or jump rope?
Would you rather win by cheating or lose while playing fair?
What was the greatest upset in sports history?
What sporting events do you enjoy more on TV than in person?
Should sports stars be role models?
Would you rather run a marathon or swim five miles?
What do you think about kids taking up extreme sports?
Have you ever ridden a tandem bicycle?
Have you ever fired a gun?
Would you rather water-ski or snow ski?
What is one of the sports you really enjoy watching or playing?
Where would you like to ride on a motorcycle?
Do you know any magic tricks?