**05
What things can you do with your eyes closed?
What is consistently in your garbage?
Do you have a hard time waking up in the morning?
Do you write down your ideas?
Do you think you are hard on yourself?
Do you meditate? How often?
Do you look at caller ID before you answer the phone?
What is something you would like to do to improve your life?
What are the three most important things you could do to improve your life if you exerted greater self-discipline?
What is your best method of saving money?
What is your strangest possession?
How do you act in an emergency situation?
Is there anything irrational that you continually do?
Where is it difficult to be honest with yourself?
In what ways are men and women different in communication?
Do you value your time or waste it?
What type of underwear do you prefer? Do you care what color it is?
Do you value others’ time as much as your own?
How do you make your life more complex than it needs to be?
Do you have phobias—real or imagined—or do you think you have none?
What attitudes and habits did you have to give up to get through life?
What are you obsessive about and why?
Over the course of your life, what have you probably spent more time pondering than anything else?
How do you handle criticism?
If you were in prison, what would you do with your time?
In what ways are you creative?
What are your weekend rituals?
Do you snore?
Do you talk in your sleep?
When home alone, do you shut the door when you use the bathroom?
What is the most difficult habit you have tried to get rid of?
When you cannot sleep, what do you think about and how do you try to get back to sleep?
What is under your mattress?
Do you bite your fingernails?
How much water do you drink each day?
What will you absolutely not do in front of another person?
Do you sit outside much in the summer or stay in air conditioning?
What about yourself would you like to always keep the same?
How many alcoholic drinks do you drink in a week?
In which order do you read the newspaper sections?
What is your disposal method for gum?
Do you leave dishes in the sink, clothes on the floor?
Do you tend to blow hot and cold or even in temperament?
What is your daily routine?
What things do you say and do when put on telephone hold?
How do you deal with unwanted calls and solicitors?
What habits have you successfully kicked?
Do you color your hair?
Do you like singing in the shower?
In hot weather, do you use a blanket, sheet, or no covering?
Are you a member of a church or synagogue?
Are you a doer or procrastinator?
Are you well-organized?
Are you high-energy or low-energy?
Are you high-maintenance or low-maintenance?
Are you a hypochondriac?
Are you usually found wearing jeans?
Do you put your right or left sock on first?
Have you ever chewed on things (fingernails, pens, etc.)?
Do you RSVP or ignore responding?
What are your most common expressions?
Do you ever try to shock people?
What do you procrastinate about?
Do you think before you speak or blurt things out?
What kind of praise do you like to receive?
What kinds of things do you hate spending money on?
What is the minimum amount of money you need a year to support yourself?
Do you want an open seat next to you on an airplane?
How do you stow your socks?
What is your mechanical aptitude?
Do you turn off the lights when you leave a room?
What are your Sunday morning rituals?
What things are you criticized for?
Do you set your watch exactly, ahead, or behind?
What side of the bed do you like to sleep on and why?
What is in your average day’s mail?
What is the last thing you do before you go to bed?
What are your eating habits?
What position do you start sleeping in?
What are your swear words?
How do you acknowledge sneezes?
Do you use an alarm clock?
What does your answering machine recording say?
Can you snap your fingers?
Can you do a cartwheel?
What do you use for bookmarks?
Do you use a brush, a comb, or both?
What is your favorite item of clothing?
What is your favorite machine?
What is your favorite room in your house?
What is your favorite line from a movie?
What is your favorite year of your life?
What is your favorite artist?
What is your favorite speed limit?
What is your favorite actress?
What is your favorite car?
What is your favorite month of the year?
What is your favorite catalog?
What is your favorite cooking implement?
What is your favorite activity in each season: fall, winter, spring, and summer?
What is your favorite cartoon?
What is your favorite Thanksgiving food?
What is your favorite position to start tic-tac-toe?
What is your favorite actor?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and brand?
What is your favorite gadget?
What is your favorite font?
What is your favorite way to renew your energy?
What is your favorite way to eat ice cream?
What is your favorite art style?
What is your favorite perfume or cologne?
What is your favorite pastime?
What is your favorite breed of cat?
What is your favorite buffet item?
What is your favorite boy’s name?
What is your favorite pastry?
What is your favorite breed of dog?
What is your favorite sandwich?
What is your favorite retreat or place of respite?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite take-out food?
What is your favorite Elvis Presley song?
What is your favorite time to study?
What is your favorite fast-food restaurant?
What is your favorite nickname or alias?
What is your favorite tool?
What is your favorite temperature?
How often do you trim your fingernails and toenails? Have you ever had a pedicure?
What habit did you pick up from a relative?
Do you have trouble controlling impulses? Which ones?
Do you always give the real reason when asking somebody to do something for you?
Do you stand or walk on escalators?
Would you rather be woken up by music or by an alarm?
In what conditions do you prefer to sleep?
What do you sleep in?
How would you like to spend most of your time?
What do you often dream of?
Do you like or dislike spicy food?
Do you read the freshness dates on grocery store products?
What do you like to snack on between meals?
Do you watch what you eat or eat what you want?
Do you sample others’ food?
Would you rather eat a candy bar or piece of fruit?
Do you buy organic food?
Do you feel that organic food is better for you than regular food?
What are your personal staples (i.e., food you keep around all the time)?
Why are you not a vegetarian or not a meat-eater?
What is your drink (alcoholic)?
What do you put ketchup on?
What foods do you eat that you know you should not?
What was one of the most unusual meals you ever ate?
Do you use a hair dryer or air-dry your hair?
Are you eating right?
Do you rinse out toothpaste remains in the sink?
What Web sites do you go to every day or fairly often?
What are your waking-up habits?
What are the first thoughts that go through your mind the moment you wake up?
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
Do you squeeze or roll the toothpaste tube from the middle, bottom?
How often do you use mouthwash and which kind do you like?
In what order do you put on your clothes?
Are you generally on-time, early, or late-arriving?
Do you have an organized wallet?
What are some ways to stop biting your fingernails?
What is a routine you remember from your childhood?
Do you ask for and/or accept help?
Does anyone you know have a particularly annoying habit?
What is one personality trait you have tried hardest to change in yourself?
Are you a light/deep/average sleeper?
What elements would a picture of your typical day include?
What is a habit you picked up during your working years?
Do you put down the toilet seat?
Are you a picture taker or forgetter of the camera?
What is your placement of return address and stamp on an envelope?
Do you sleep with one or two pillows?
How do you react when things do not go as planned?
What do others think your worst habit is and what do you think your worst habit is?
Do you lock the front door, leave the lights on, or use other security measures?
Are you getting enough sleep?
Do you replace the toilet paper roll immediately?
How often do you shave, what is your method of choice, and where do you shave?
What do you read and why?
What things do you check at night before going to bed?
What are your nighttime rituals?
Do you hoard magazines?
Do you talk particularly fast or slow?
What bargain items do you look for?
With books: do you read the last page first? Do you skip ahead?
Do you finish every book you start?
What checks do you write every month that you hate to sign?
What charities do you give to?
Do you like buying things?
Do you usually pay your bills on time?
Does advertising significantly influence your buying decisions?
What department store most suits your needs and tastes?
If you could afford it at this moment, what would you buy?
What brand names do you buy and swear by and that you would never switch from?
Have you ever played bingo for money?
Have you ever visited a casino?
Have you ever bet on a horse race?
Have you ever bought a state lottery ticket?
What was the last bet you won?
Do you buy anything in bulk?
How much cash do you normally carry with you?
What percentage of your earnings do you save?
Do you write with expensive or cheap disposable pens?
Do you take a shower or bath every day, less, or more often?
Do you floss regularly, sporadically, or not at all?
What mirrors do you look in every day?
Do you fall asleep with the TV or radio on?
Do you have special rituals to make yourself fall asleep?
What is the first thing you turn to in the newspaper?
What is the direction and process of your teeth-brushing?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?
What is the number of laundry loads you do in a week?
What is the last thing you see before you close your eyes at night?
Do you use your computer more for work or play?
How long does your shower last?
When was the last time you made an international telephone call?
Do you regularly read the obituaries?
What habits or mannerisms of yours remind you of your mother or father?
Are you patient or impatient while waiting for something?
Do you eat meals at the same time every day?
What are your most compulsive habits?
What habits have you not been able to break?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
What are your annoying habits?
What things do you save and recycle?
What time do you go to sleep?
Are you considered a regular at any eating establishment?
Do you read in the bathroom?
How long do you keep bad habits from a new partner?
Do you use a night-light or no light?
What do you do with advertisement cards in magazines?
What letters have you saved and from whom?
What is one of the simple pleasures of life you truly enjoy?
What excuses do you use or have you used to get out of dates or appointments?
Do you use swear words frequently or infrequently?
Do you establish routines?
What things do you do between turning off the alarm and walking out the door?
What do you do while you are on the phone?
Do you fold your undergarments or just throw them in a drawer after washing them?
How much time do you spend reading each day?
What is your signature adjective?
What is your signature one-word answer?
What is your signature dish?
What is your signature saying and why is it important to you?
What is your signature scent?
What is your signature topic of conversation?
What is your signature greeting?
What is your signature sign-off?
About what time do you get up on an average weekday morning?
What is your main sleep position?
How do you react when short of sleep or under stress?
What is your most recent lie?
Are you cleanliness-compulsive or do you not mind dirt?
Do you work out?
How do you open the mail?
What are the items in your wallet?
What do you do during a power outage?
Do you seek out new experiences every day?
What is in your medicine cabinet?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you give up your seat to others?
What is a habit you picked up during your earliest years?
How long do you brush your teeth?
Have you ever tried to persuade somebody to give up a habit?
Are you fanatically tidy, extremely untidy, or somewhere in-between?
What do you do most frequently when you think no one is looking?
Do you tie and untie shoes or slip them on and off?
Do you button shirts top-to-bottom or bottom-to-top?
What habits are you proud of?
Have you ever been part of an intervention?
Have you ever participated in a twelve-step program?
Do you steal sheets or covers or have them stolen from you?
What is the trustworthiness of consumer marketing reports?
What do you complain about most?
Why do you think that people have such a hard time quitting a bad habit?
Do you lose things or know where everything is?
Do you follow the news as closely on the weekends as you do during the week?
Do you prefer to watch or participate?
Do you prefer malls, catalog shopping, or the Internet?
Do you prefer a bath or shower?
Do you prefer to talk to people by telephone, in person, or by e-mail?
Do you prefer odd or even numbers?
Do you prefer typing or writing in longhand?
What is your average night’s sleep on a weeknight?
What are your addictions?
How often do you brush your teeth?
What habit would you like to start?
Have you ever stolen anything?
How do you pick a doctor?
What do you think about when you daydream?
On what days of the week do you do certain chores?
If you could change the balance between work, family, and play, in what way would you?
When was the last time you were really drunk?
Are you right-brained or left-brained?
What time do you like the sun to set?
What one personality trait would you like to have?
How do you act when you want to avoid doing something?
Which shoe do you put on first?
You open mail in what order?
Do you shave your legs and underarms?
Do you wear makeup all the time or only sometimes?
Is it hard for you to sit still or are you mainly sedentary?
What things do you do in the same order each day and how do you feel if you skip a step or miss a day?
Are you at the computer or TV more?
Do you pick up after yourself?
Do you use deodorant, antiperspirant, or both?
Are your books alphabetized or categorized?
Do you like or dislike foreigners?
Do you try to save an extra seat for yourself on the train or in a movie?
Are your pets allowed to ride in the car, lie on the furniture, go visiting with you, go on family vacations, be fed at the table?
Do you make the bed daily?
Where do you usually get most of your news about what is going on in the world today?
Do you gamble regularly?
Do you play the lottery?
Are you a conventional dresser? Always?
Have you ever gone to a psychologist or therapist?
Do you buy brand-name clothes?
Do you take any type of medication when you come down with a cold?
What do you have done at the beauty or barber shop and how often?
What daily health habit would you like to develop and be disciplined about?
How often do you go to the dentist? To the doctor?
Have you ever worn uncomfortable shoes because they looked good?
Do you give money to homeless people?
What do you wish for on pennies in a wishing well?
What do you do to decrease your taxes?
Do you enjoy writing? What type of writing? Do you show it to others or keep it private?
In what order do you keep your currency in your wallet?
Do you buy products specifically for “green”/environmentally friendly advertising and/or packaging?
Have you ever switched price tags in a store?
Are you careful or careless with money?
What would you invest in if you had the money?
Do you ever take sleeping pills?
What do you do to stop hiccups?
What topic puts you to sleep more quickly than any other?
Have you had a recurring dream throughout life?
What usually goes through your mind just before you fall asleep?
Are you easy or difficult to get along with?
What is a dream you have had more than once?
What one object would you grab if your house was on fire?
Do you like or dislike schedules?
Do you dream in color or black and white?
Do you know when to accept your measure of responsibility for a bad break?
What is your usual breakfast?
What is your usual lunch?
What is your usual dinner?
What is your usual bedtime?
What is your usual dream at night?
What is your usual wish when you blow out candles on your birthday cake?
How much time a day do you spend in front of some kind of screen?
How do you channel frustration into a nondestructive activity?
Are you good or bad at finishing things?
Do you have a fear of insects? Which kind?
What can and will you kill?
What is the strangest thing you save?
What is likely to cause you to “blow up?”
What scent would you like to bottle as a perfume?
Do you tend to lose things?
Is your house very neat or somewhat messy?
Do you do what you say you are going to do?
Would you rather wear tight or loose pants?
Do you sleep naked or in pajamas?
What do you do when you catch a cold?
Have you ever hitchhiked?
Have you ever picked up hitchhikers?
Where would you go if you wanted to spark your creativity?
What jewelry do you like to wear and what do you not like to wear?
What are the landmarks in your life: certain buildings, stores, things you see every day?
What do you see from your bedroom window?
At what temperature do you best like the house?
Do you sometimes drink more than you should? When?
What self-improvement techniques have you experimented with?
What talents or skills of yours are now rusty from lack of practice?
What time of day do you feel most creative?
What smell makes you feel safe and cared for?
Were you ever in trouble with the law?
Can you wiggle your ears?
Are you right- or left- handed?
What things physically drain you on most days?
What keys do you have on your key chain?
What is something (not immoral or controversial) that if you did it, it would shock everyone?
Have you ever ground your teeth?
Does your mind ever go blank in the middle of doing something?
Are you quick or slow at making a witty reply?
Do you ever turn a crisis into a story you tell, with you as the star?
When do you feel impatient?
What task do you put off until tomorrow most often?
What things do you always make time for?