**06
How often have you fallen in love?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What is the worst pick-up line you have heard?
Physically, what do you look for in a man or woman?
How do you settle differences in your relationship?
Who was a memorable adolescent sweetheart?
Would you ever want to change your gender—at least for a day?
What wedding did you object to or wanted to object to?
What would you like to do with your mate that you have never done?
Which areas of your past are most important for you to discuss with a fiancé(e)?
What drives you craziest about your partner?
Is fidelity obsolete or coming back?
Do you think it is possible for a person to be truly asexual?
How old were you when you first had sex?
Describe the person to whom you lost your virginity.
What is your longest grudge?
In what ways have you changed since getting married?
What is the appropriate age for having sex the first time?
What is the greatest gift you have to offer your partner?
What do you enjoy or dislike most about having a committed relationship?
Do you wish you had slept with more or fewer people?
Which do you find more acceptable: older men with young women or young men with older women?
Do you believe in kissing on the first date?
What was the best pick-up line you ever heard?
How old were you when you married?
What clothes do you think are sexy?
Does your mate trust you?
What is your sexiest feature?
What was your best sexual experience?
What person did you unsuccessfully pursue over a long period of time?
When are your relationships the happiest?
What is your favorite love story?
What is your favorite first-date story?
What is your favorite blind-date story?
What is your favorite love song and the lyrics in the song you like best?
What is your favorite type of kiss?
What is your favorite kind of date?
What is your favorite indecent proposal?
What heroic things have you done for love?
What are loving ways to say “I’m not in the mood?”
What would someone have to do to make you fall in love with him or her?
The best part about marriage is _____.
Can people be in love with each other even if they do not want to stay together as life partners?
Does your marriage embody the principles you each consider key?
When my partner is happy, I am happy: true or false?
Who makes most of the decisions in your relationship?
Do you think that your significant other would say you are good in bed?
What are two things that are appealing about men (or women)?
What would you do if you found out your partner was faking orgasms?
Who were the one(s) that got away?
What would you say to your latest ex if you saw him or her again?
Who is a person you regret sleeping with?
What person did you successfully pursue in a short amount of time?
How long does it usually take before you will sleep with someone?
What could you do, give up, or compromise to improve your relationship with your mate?
What are the best reasons for getting married?
What was the most unbelievable date you ever had?
What was the first movie you remember watching on a date and with whom?
When is it hardest for you to give or receive hugs?
Does marriage expand or restrict your sense of the possibilities in life?
Do you believe it is possible to be with one person for the rest of your life?
Do you think you are good in bed sexually?
What astrological signs are you most and least compatible with?
Do you believe in mandatory premarital counseling to help lower the divorce rate?
What terms of endearment do you use?
When you met your mate: what did you first notice, like best, want to know more about?
What three qualities are most important in someone you date?
What would you do if you caught your spouse having sex with someone else?
Would you rather die before or after your partner?
What attracts you the most to a prospective partner?
What do you think about premarital sex?
With whom have you had the most intimate conversation?
Marriages and significant long-term relationships are meant to _____.
When discussing your love life, do you tend to exaggerate, understate, or be factual?
Things would be a lot better if only my partner would _____.
Do you feel comfortable introducing old lovers to a current one?
What is the best place to make love other than a bed?
Two days alone with your mate: how would you like to spend them and where?
Can you remember the name of your first boy/girlfriend?
Did you ever fall in love with someone that your best friend or sibling was dating?
What is your biggest complaint about your mate?
When has jealousy affected your relationship with someone?
Are you surprised or flattered by what your mate says about you?
Did you date much or little?
What boy/girlfriends do you remember most vividly?
Do you stay in touch with your exes?
What are the most romantic cities?
Have you ever had sex in a dangerous place?
Have you ever been in love with more than one person at a time?
Have you ever been divorced?
Have you ever flirted via e-mail?
Have you ever tried online dating?
Have you ever fallen in love by e-mail alone?
Have you ever tried speed dating?
What do you like to do after making love?
Is there a hole in your life, that is, a person you feel you should have been with?
Whose marriage do you admire?
In your current relationship, who is more emotionally stable?
What do you think determines sexual orientation: nature or nurture?
What is something someone said or did that you found very unattractive?
Do you consider yourself a romantic?
What TV series or movie best describes your love life?
What makes love exciting for you in your relationship now?
What idiotic things have you done for love?
Who is a person you regret not sleeping with?
When a couple breaks up, does it mean one of the partners has failed?
What do you think the most frequent sexual complaint of couples is?
What was the best date you ever had with your mate?
Have you ever wondered what friends or colleagues are like in bed?
How has the role of romance changed in your life over the years?
Define “commitment.” What is the scariest thing and the most rewarding thing about commitment?
Do you like to flirt and think that flirting is okay and romantic?
What is a fulfilled sexual fantasy of yours?
What is the longest time you have gone without sex as an adult?
What is the best word to describe your current love life?
Tell a honeymoon story.
What are the ways you like love to be shown to you?
How old were you on your first date and what was the experience like?
What happened to your first love?
Have you ever broken a date to go on a date with someone else?
Define the perfect marriage.
Describe the perfect divorce.
What two qualities are most important in a marriage partner?
What is something someone said or did that you found extremely attractive?
How do you talk about the person in your life when you are not with them?
What do you think about arranged marriages?
Did you/would you live with someone before marriage?
Is marriage an outdated institution?
What is love and what makes love last?
What fragrance reminds you of someone you were once with?
Should the law punish lovers who lie?
What would you like to receive or do for your anniversary this year?
What person would you like to do a love scene with?
Why do people try to change each other?
What is the single most important piece of advice you would offer to a person of the opposite sex?
Define “intimacy.”
What was the largest age difference you had in a relationship?
Do you think more, fewer, or the same number are cheating on a spouse compared to five or ten years ago?
When was your first blind date?
Who was your first love?
How do you feel about sex and nudity in a movie with a relatively new date or friend? With your spouse?
What was your honeymoon spot and why did you pick it?
Do you think you argue with your significant other frequently?
What people do you love?
Do you have a belief that love depends on good sex?
Are you ever too old to fall in love?
Should couples have a prenuptial agreement?
Describe the first time you fell in love.
Where would you go to meet people if you were single?
Would you rather know that your spouse had a one-night stand or never find out?
Is there one perfect mate for everyone?
Would you try an online dating service?
Would you try participating in a mate-swapping party?
Would you try participating in an orgy?
Would you try S&M?
Would you try to have sex in an elevator?
Would you try something new if your partner asked?
Would you try sex in an airplane?
Would you try to donate sperm or eggs to someone you are not in a romantic relationship with?
What do you think about marrying someone of a different race, nationality, or religion?
What words would you love to have whispered in your ear?
What about love makes you afraid?
In your relationship, who is in charge of interior design?
What constitutes betrayal?
What are two things that are not appealing about men (or women)?
Who was/were your unrequited love(s)?
What was your first year of marriage like?
Describe your first kiss.
Is there a chemical reaction to love?
How much absence should there be in a relationship to make the heart grow fonder?
How can we be more loving to one another?
What is your anniversary date?
Would you rather fall in love and lose that person or never fall in love at all?
How long does it take a couple to work things out between them?
Where did you get engaged and how was the marriage proposal made?
Do you purchase condoms in stores or by mail/Internet?
What would you change in a current relationship and why?
What is the difference between you and your partner that you value the most and one that you consider problematic?
Do you try for the perfect union coupled with perfect autonomy?
What is your general opinion about married people cheating?
What person in your life is the best example of love?
When picking a life partner, do you follow your head or your heart?
Are you faithful?
Would you rather pick out your engagement and/or wedding ring or be surprised by your fiancé(e)?
How much love are you comfortable with?
What is the hardest adjustment in marriage?
How do you flirt and get someone’s attention?
Do you consider yourself a good flirt and like it?
Do you flirt with others even if you are in a relationship?
Who starts more arguments, your significant other or you?
When was a time when someone held your hand?
What is the point of marriage?
In a relationship, how much independence do you need?
What illusion did you have about married life that you realized was not true?
What are three wishes you have for your marriage?
What do you enjoy most and least about married life?
What was a funny thing you did to your mate?
Using A, B, C, D, F grading, what grade would you give your current relationship?
What are the major factors in a lasting relationship?
When you are attracted to someone, do you like to be the cat or the mouse?
In your opinion, are there any other reasons for marriage than love?
What traits do you require in a partner?
When or how did you know you were truly in love with your mate?
Does a marriage have a better or worse chance at succeeding if the people live together first?
How much does your mate’s appearance matter to you?
In your relationship, who is in charge of financial investing?
In your relationship, who generally pays when you go out to a restaurant or movie?
What is essential in a happy marriage or relationship?
Do you and your mate come from similar backgrounds (e.g., education, social status, family income, etc.)?
What is the most planning you put into a romantic event?
What was your best date in high school?
What is one thing you wish your mate would do more often?
What three qualities would your ideal relationship have?
In what ways do you take your mate for granted?
Do you wish you had received premarital counseling?
Where would you like to go on your first or second honeymoon?
Describe your wedding(s)—or the one you would like to have.
What is the biggest misconception about marriage?
How often do you do romantic things for your partner?
What if your significant other passed away; would you actively seek a partner after an appropriate mourning period?
What if you were in love with someone but they wanted to stay friends; could you do it?
What if you went on a honeymoon; where would you go?
What if you love someone; how often should you say it?
What if your boy/girlfriend was caught with a prostitute; would you dump him or her?
What if love makes the world go round; what does lust do?
What if one partner wants more sex than the other; how can it be worked out?
What if your marriage ended; how did it happen?
What if you had to do it over; would you marry the same person?
What if you found out that your significant other had an abortion; would it affect how you felt about that person?
What if a man asks a woman to dinner; should he pay?
What if your partner was diagnosed HIV positive; would you continue your relationship?
Have you ever been to a marriage counselor or therapist with your mate?
How can one keep from becoming too dependent on one’s loved one?
What type of wedding ceremony and reception did you have or what type do you dream of?
Have you ever bought or sought out any type of pornography?
What was the hardest relationship you have ever been in?
What is the worst and best thing an ex-lover has ever done to you?
What made love exciting for you in the beginning of your relationship?
What surprises have you thought up for people you love?
Who were the big crushes of your life: movie stars, singers, real people?
People can show their love to me by _____.
Is labor equally divided in your relationship?
What person did you pursue over a long period of time?
What constitutes a good sexual relationship?
The hardest part about marriage is _____.
What gifts from your mate meant the most to you?
What was your last relationship like?
Does a woman have the right to get pregnant even if her partner has said he or she does not want a child?
Must love and sex go together?
Have you ever had an affair?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
Would you feel comfortable about your significant other not wearing his or her wedding ring?
Are there any parts of the body that you dislike touching or having touched?
Do you worry about whether your dreams can accommodate your mate’s and vice versa?
What have you learned about your partner that you did not know in your first six months together?
What is one wedding tradition you would change or eliminate?
What music do you like to listen to while making love?
What is the farthest distance you traveled to be with someone you desired?
Good loving is _____.
What is the best thing about starting a new relationship?
What is the worst thing about starting a new relationship?
What do you think would lower the divorce rate?
In your relationship, who is in charge of vacation planning?
Are you possessive or jealous by nature?
What is your favorite and least favorite time of day to make love?
What is your image of the ideal man or woman?
How would you break off a relationship in which you lost interest?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of arranged marriages?
Do you know anyone who is in an arranged marriage?
Do you have strong emotional needs?
How many hugs do you need a day?
What is an important lesson you learned from a breakup?
Who was your first steady boy/girlfriend?
Do you prefer ordinary sex?
Who is the most romantic couple you know for real and in movies/TV?
What was the worst heartbreak you ever experienced?
Why do so many marriages fall apart today?
How can long-range compatibility be determined?
What is the best cure for lovesickness?
Describe your ideal mate.
Who is someone you could imagine yourself being with the rest of your life?
What is one thing you keep telling your mate?
What is a saying about women or men that you believe is true?
What is the typical reason you end a relationship?
Would you have an affair if you could definitely get away with it?
Have your expectations of your relationship been surpassed or disappointed?
What is the best and worst thing that has happened with your current partner?
How many times have you felt you would not recover from a broken heart?
What is one of the best ways for someone to express his or her love for you?
What is your favorite sexual fantasy?
What is the most romantic weather?
Who was the last person you said “I love you” to?
What are turn-ons and turn-offs to you?
What was the most perverted situation you were ever in?
What is your strongest sexual asset?
Would requiring couples to have counseling save many marriages?
Should you marry for love or money?
Is income a consideration in choosing a mate?
How often do you think of sex or romance?
Which do you enjoy more: sex or money?
How many different sexual partners have you had in your life?
People should not marry before what age?
What are the characteristics of a good marriage?
What love relationships did you have in college?
When you are in love, you need _____.
With your first love, who broke whose heart?
Who is smarter, you or your significant other?
What does a woman or man need most from a husband or wife?
What lesson of love took you the longest to learn?
What are three things you love doing with your mate?
In your relationships, do you make most of the decisions?
What was the first impression you had when you met your mate?
When is the right time in a new relationship to have sex?
Do you believe soul mates meet by accident or by destiny?