**07
Do you like a peaceful or hectic life?
If an activity does not result in progress toward a goal, is it a waste of time?
What makes you blush?
What compliments do you receive on a regular basis?
If you did not have commitments to others, how would you live your life differently?
What have you not had enough of in your life?
Is your life moving ahead, backward, or is it on hold?
What is the greatest goal you want to achieve within the next five years?
What is something you believed for a long time that you do not believe anymore?
Do you think helmets should be mandatory for motorcycles and bicycles - for kids and/or adults?
What are three things that you are optimistic about?
What are three things that you are pessimistic about?
What are some of the phone calls that changed your life?
What would you do if you earned $100,000 a day? How would your life change?
Do you think honesty is always the best policy?
Do you think it is possible to live with no regrets?
Do you think it is a good idea to always trust your gut?
Do you think the good things in life are either immoral, illegal, fattening, or unhealthy?
Do you think that one determined person can change the world?
Do you think that life is ultimately fair?
Do you think you look younger than/older than/exactly your age?
Do you think we will be attacked by a nuclear missile?
Would you rather live in Los Angeles or New York City?
Would you feel comfortable moving to a city where you do not know the language well?
What can you guarantee about yourself?
How do you think the world will look in 25, 50, 75, 100 years?
What is your greatest talent?
How can you further develop your talents?
What is something you truly appreciate or enjoy doing that most others probably do not care for?
Which do you like best about yourself: appearance, personality, or intellect?
What was the greatest peer pressure you felt as an adult?
Are you jealous of other people’s success?
What legacy would you like to leave?
What is something you feel too young to do?
What parts of your life do you feel you control and how much of your life is beyond your control?
Do you like or dislike change?
How close to contentment are you in your life right now?
What was the most anti-establishment thing you ever did?
What needs to change for you to have greater contentment?
What is the most beautiful man-made object?
Define “hope.”
What continually robs you from appreciating or enjoying the moment?
What are five things you are grateful for?
What worries you the most?
Is there something you feel too old to do?
If you had massive energy, how would you put that energy to work?
What would you do if you met your exact double?
Do you try innovations or stick to tested methods?
What is something you have dreamed of doing for a long time?
What are the most positive changes you have seen in your lifetime?
What are the most negative changes you have seen in your lifetime?
What would you do if you had $500 to spend on anything?
How do you feel when someone teases you?
What public figure has inspired you?
What could you do, change, or eliminate to help simplify your life?
What is the most precious thing you have lost?
Do you hold stronger opinions than most people?
What is the most beautiful word in the English language?
Do you state your opinions with vehemence?
Where would you move tomorrow if you could, and why?
What is the stupidest thing you ever did?
What is your ideal living environment?
How much responsibility do you take for your own problems?
In what areas of your life do you need long-term solutions rather than quick fixes?
What was a decision you made in an instant that gave you a lifetime of heartache?
Can you confess three tiny faults and a giant one?
What bothers you most about your life?
Who is one of the luckiest people you know, and why?
What is one thing about your life now that you would not change?
What horrendous blunder did you make in the past year and what did you learn from it?
What do you need changed in your life before you can have more fun?
You love it when people ask you _____.
I am unhappy with myself when _____.
Is it essential that you succeed in life?
Do you approve or disapprove of casino gambling on Indian reservations?
Do you know someone whose life or personality has been changed by money?
Do you find it hard or easy to say “no” to a salesperson?
What is your view on selling personal items?
Do you feel comfortable selling anything?
Does legalized gambling encourage people who can least afford to squander their money?
Have you ever been audited by the IRS?
In what circumstances do you feel most susceptible to temptation?
How do you minimize temptation in your life?
What kind of person would you like to be?
Where does honesty work well in your life?
If you had to kill your own food, would you become a vegetarian?
Are you sensitive to the pairing of wine and food?
If you opened a restaurant, what would the house specialty be?
No electricity: how would you manage and what would be different?
How do you deal with things you cannot change?
How did you feel each time you changed homes?
Architecturally, what kind of house do you prefer to live in?
Tell about the time when you were the coldest, the hottest.
What do you like most about your home?
Describe your decorating style.
Which would you choose: to be the most attractive, the most athletic, or the smartest kid in your class?
When you are happy, you need _____.
In general, do you live for today or plan for tomorrow?
Do you agree “life begins at forty?”
What would you like to be doing in twenty years?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is a word for which you have always needed a synonym?
How much responsibility do you have in your life, positive and negative?
What do you think the next ten years of your life will be like?
What self-limiting thoughts or fears would you like to overcome?
How and when do you think that the world will come to an end?
Are you a numbers person or a words person?
If you could change anything in the world’s history, what would it be?
For what one activity would you like to regain the hours you have lost doing it?
What significant social change would you like to see happen in your lifetime?
Do you hesitate to answer strangers’ questions?
What scares you?
What is your worst nightmare and how often do you have nightmares?
Which worries you more: financial or physical security?
What will and will you not compromise on?
What do you carry to protect yourself? In what other ways do you protect yourself?
Where have you experienced joy in your life?
What do you hate most?
What do you never seem to find time for?
Why do you get up in the morning?
What do you expect each day to bring you?
Do you live in the moment, dwell on the past, or dream about the future?
What has been the most difficult decision or series of decisions where your integrity was at risk?
What daily activity do you treasure more than any other?
Is it possible that certain difficulties require bending, giving in, and even allowing yourself to feel overwhelmed?
In what ways do you express anger?
What is your most prevailing thought?
Do you like snow?
What special places do you go to think things out?
How would you like to change your outer life?
Would you rather be a student or an employee?
Would you rather be known for your intelligence or your personality?
Would you rather live a life of luxury or be known for your generosity?
Would you rather be 7′2″ or 4′2″?
Would you rather be very good looking or very smart?
Would you rather be a star and die at forty-two or live to ninety without any fame?
Would you rather have the power to fly or to disappear?
Would you rather live safely and longer or go hog wild and live a shorter time?
Would you rather get a shot from a doctor or get a filling from the dentist?
Would you rather go blind or deaf?
Would you rather be President of the United States or the world’s richest person?
What things were you once afraid of, but are no longer?
Do you ask questions like a reporter but cringe when the conversation turns back to your life?
Which of life’s mysteries are you most curious about?
If you could own the world’s largest collection of anything, what would it be?
What superhero powers would you like to have?
Of all the things someone could say about you, what would make you feel the best?
What did you once find frightening that no longer scares you?
What things do you avoid thinking about?
Ten years from today, what will you wish you had done now?
What is something you would like to do that you are not allowed to do?
How do you picture the end of the world?
What is one key thing you could do to produce a quantum leap in your personal life?
How do you view failure? What were important failures for you?
Where do you have immense patience and very little patience?
Do you enjoy the attention of crowds?
How would you rate your public speaking ability: poor, fair, good, or exceptional?
What are some big things that make you happy?
If you were to perform an act of grace, what would it be?
Can you manage life situations as easily as most people?
What gives you a feeling of abundance in life?
Do you enjoy reminiscing about the past?
When are some times you have had low self-esteem?
What percentage of the things that you worry about actually happen?
I feel alone when _____.
Are most people in your life optimists or pessimists?
Can you make up excuses easily?
List ways in which these things have had a negative impact on your life: alcohol, drugs, sex, work, money, food, family, and friends.
Where is apathy most present in your life?
Have you ever considered suicide, even fleetingly?
What are five reasons not to kill yourself?
What is something you would be tempted to do if you knew you would never be found out?
When you accomplish something, do you make sure everyone knows, or do you keep your success to yourself?
What is something you found out that you wish you never knew?
What three wishes do you have for your genie in a bottle?
What is funny about yourself that makes you smile when you think about it?
What are three expectations you have of yourself?
What are you proudest of about yourself?
What do you get enthused about?
Have you tried breaking the what-shall-I-do logjam by taking one step, any step?
What is your need for privacy?
How much do you care about your personal space?
What emotion do you seem to experience the most?
What is the greatest amount of emotional pain you have endured?
If your life has not gone where you thought it would, was it your actions that held you back or your thinking?
What things do you think you cannot live without?
What activities would you do if you were not so afraid?
How can you relate a recent dream to a current problem?
How do you behave when you feel depressed and what do you need most at that time?
What things, people, or activities give you peace of mind and restore you?
How do people know you are angry?
What is one thing you would like forgiveness for?
Is everything a drama with you?
What do you continually get away with?
What are three sounds that disturb you?
How can you tell when people are really listening to you?
What struggles or weaknesses in your life have brought you the greatest frustration?
What is a recent fad you admit to trying?
What is the worst thing that could happen to you if you took a risk and failed?
Could you accept being in a wheelchair?
Could you accept being blind?
Could you accept being deaf?
Could you accept losing your sense of taste?
Could you accept losing your sense of smell?
Could you accept the death of a parent?
Could you accept a new religion?
Could you accept the betrayal of a best friend?
Could you accept being sent to a psychiatric center?
Could you accept being sent to a nursing home?
What is the best thing that could happen if you took a risk and succeeded?
What was the last significant crossroads in your life?
How do you want your obituary to read?
What is the most exhilarating experience you ever had?
What bitterness do you have in your soul?
What promises do you keep making to yourself?
What do you need most right now: faith, love, hope, or peace?
In what ways could you be less selfish?
What do you want your last words to be?
What consistently worries you each day?
Anticipation or the real thing, what is better?
Does what we say to each other make a difference in our self-confidence?
What do you tell yourself when you are panicking?
What is something you wish you never had to worry about again?
In a film about your life, who would play the main characters?
Would you like to disappear for a long period of time?
What is a symbol that inspires you?
What kind of person do you want to be and how do you need to change?
What are the things you must do before you die?
How has experience determined your attitudes and beliefs?
How can you stay one step ahead?
What would you like to let go of?
What is the most interesting question anyone ever asked you?
What is your vision for the future?
Do you like your birthday or dread it?
Do you think that only the unlucky or unworthy suffer defeat?
Three months alone on an island: what would you take besides essentials for survival?
Is stubbornness always a bad thing?
Do you excel at making quick decisions or do you procrastinate?
In what ways do you think boys or girls have it easier?
What ways has jealousy made messes for you?
What makes you sad?
What age would you like to be for the rest of your life?
Whose mind would you most like to read?
Do you crave excitement?
What is a behavior you cannot abide?
If you could create something very beautiful, what would it be?
If you had an extra day every month that no one else had, what would you do with it?
Do you have a talent or special gift that you have not used?
What heroic attributes do you have?
What is a waste of time?
How many personalities do you have?
What is a more suitable first name for you or someone you know?
What is your secret passion?
What one month on the calendar would you like to eliminate?
Do you prefer positions of leadership and authority?
How do you act when the pressure is on?
What is the one thing you would be willing to practice at least one hour a day until you became great at it?
What do you do when people do not admit that they are wrong?
Do you like or dislike challenges?
What are three things you think you need in order to be happy?
What rule is most important in your home?
What are some definite goals you are still working on?
Where is your largest time commitment?
What is a choice in life that you would never want to make again?
What are three barriers that keep you from reaching your full potential and what would help you overcome them?
How often do you use rewards?
By law, should HIV tests be mandatory for pregnant women and people getting married?
By law, should smoking be banned in all public places?
By law, should sex and violence on TV be eliminated?
By law, should toy guns be banned?
By law, should research that may lead to human cloning come to a halt?
By law, should children not graduate from high school without being fluent in at least one other language?
What goes through your mind when you see people who have endured great hardship?
What part of your life is “on hold” now? What has to happen before you can move on?
What are your embarrassments and regrets?
Have you ever felt good about doing something bad, inappropriate, or illegal?
What do you want your funeral to be like?
How private are you?
Do you encourage friends to drop by your house without calling first?
What transitions in your life taught you the most?
What have you learned from your past?
Was there a moment that changed everything for you?
Do you put your interests first?
If you were imprisoned wrongly and then set free, would you seek revenge?
What is the best way to die?
If someone gave you a crystal ball, would you look in it?
What things, people, concepts, or ideas do you deeply hate?
Do you try to live by The Golden Rule?
Do you consider yourself pretty/handsome?
If there is a drug to enhance intelligence with no known negative side effects, would you take it?
If you could choose your height, how tall would you be?
If pills fulfilled nutrition and nourishment, would you take them and give up eating and cooking?
What do you think of the expansion of American fast-food restaurants and theme parks throughout the world?
Would you eat genetically modified food?
Would you participate in a study for a new medicine that could lengthen your life span?
Would you accept a heart transplant to save your life even if the heart donor was a pig?
Do you avoid eye contact?
What is something you have not yet done that you believe you can accomplish in your lifetime?
What are your life goals?
Do you feel that models in magazines give off the wrong signals by being so skinny?
What one thing would you like to change on your face?
How does one become a person of character?
How do you feel about the way you spend most days?
Are you good or bad at keeping secrets?
Do you prefer sunrise or sunset?
What would you like to build if you knew how?
What is your most attractive physical feature?
Do you like the way your voice sounds?
Have you been happy with the way you look?
If you got a tattoo, where and what would it be?
How do you feel about donating parts of your body at the time of your death?
Can nurses do doctors’ work?
Would you submit to chemotherapy and under what circumstances?
What would you do if you found out you had AIDS?
Have you ever been addicted to anything?
How far should doctors go to prolong a person’s life?
When do you exaggerate to make yourself look good?
What possession would you never agree to share?
What are you doing or did you do to escape a bad situation?
Do you analyze so much that you become immobilized?
Would you sign a request for a life-support machine to be switched off? When?
What signs of aging are you starting to see in yourself?
Would you have plastic surgery if finances were no object?
What is your best physical quality or feature and what is your worst?
Would you rather be healthy and homeless or have AIDS and live in luxury?
Does legalized gambling open the door for organized crime?
What item do you own that has minimal dollar value but that you will not sell for any amount of money?
Do you think people of the opposite sex look better in long or short hair?
What do you think are the secrets to a longer, healthier life?
When telling stories or relating details of your day, do you tend to exaggerate, understate, or be factual?
What five people would you take to a desert island and what would each contribute to the quality of life?
What aspects of other cultures would you like to incorporate in your life?
Would you rather try everything and not succeed or try only one thing and succeed?
What things would you not change about yourself?
What activity has most consistently given you a feeling of inner peace?
What things would you lie about?
What problem are you working on now?
When are you the most difficult to deal with?
What are your unfulfilled dreams?
Could you be incredibly rich and still have a good conscience?
If you suddenly became rich, what would be the biggest change to your lifestyle?
Do you consider yourself to be rich, upper income, middle income, lower income, or poor?
Is love of money the root of all evil?
If your accountant could set up a fictitious company for you in a tax haven and reduce the taxes you pay, would you go for it?
Are rich people happier than you, less happy, or about the same?
What would you say or do if you were standing in line and someone cut in front of you?
What would you say or do if you were given a choice to either be a baby again or a fifty year old?
What would you say or do if you had $5 million to help other people?
What would you say or do if you knew that you were going to have a disabled baby early enough to terminate the pregnancy?
What would you say or do if you had twenty acres of land and money to develop it as you choose?
What would you say or do if you got to choose how you would die?
What would you say or do if you were chosen to join a space mission to colonize the universe and you would never set foot on Earth again?
What would you say or do if someone offered you $100 to shave your head?
Should an embryo be transferable to anyone other than the biological parents?
At what age should birth control be allowed, especially the Pill?
Do you ever feel guilty about killing insects or rodents?
Can you be very poor but happy?
Is it okay to hunt for food?
Are medical experiments and testing of pharmaceutical products on animals justified?
Would you deliver a baby?
Would you rather be funny or kind?
What is the stupidest thing you bought that seemed like a good idea at the time?
Would you rather be a famous national hero or discover a cure for a disease and be relatively unknown?
Would you shoot a burglar?
Is there anyone you now envy and why?
Would you rather give up your favorite food forever or television for two years?
Do you feel you have enough time/too much/not enough?
What are you most nosy about?
What is the most difficult thing for you to say “no” to?
Do you take others’ behavior at face value?
Would you rather be known for your looks or your personality?
What would you do differently if you had no fear of making mistakes?
What lines do you not like to wait in?
Would you rather have X-ray vision or the ability to read minds?
Would you rather get $4 billion and be exiled from your homeland or stay and have little money?
Can a person ever be too rich?
Are you materialistic?
What is your greatest financial asset?
What “moment of glory” have you watched a friend have that you would like, too?
What is the most bizarre thing you have ever seen?
Do you believe that certain numbers are lucky or unlucky?
How strong is your sense of smell?
Are you more creative when alone or with others?
Would you rather be married to a famous person or be famous yourself?
Do you usually feel self-confident or not?
What are some little things that make you happy?
Are you good at “faking it” when you do not know what you are doing?
If you could choose something to dream about, what would it be?
Which things do you fear: failure, water, spiders, crowds, hair loss, injections, blood, sirens?
When was a time you felt guilty and how do you feel about it now?
How often would you be embarrassed if others knew exactly what was on your mind?
What not-so-heroic attitudes do you have?
Do you ever have cruel fantasies?
Which/who stresses you more: partner, family, boss, coworkers?
What is something you got rid of that you wish you had back?
What wakes you up in the middle of the night?
You get angry with yourself when you _____.
Which would be easiest for you to become addicted to: money, success, power, sex, alcohol, drugs, work, shopping, the Internet, or TV?
Would you seek help if you had an addiction, or would you try to help yourself?
What in this morning’s paper made you happy?
What is your greatest hunger besides food? Is it healthy or unhealthy?
Can you resist the temptation to inflate garden-variety disappointments or problems into catastrophes?
What is your most recent regret?
What was your last random act of kindness?
What was the smartest decision you ever made?
What is something you said or did that still bothers you?
What seems to accumulate in great abundance in your life?
What is the focus of your life right now—relationships, goals, or objectives—and would you like to change that focus?
What would you like to be famous for?
What will be your next milestone in life?
Would you go to a nudist beach or camp?
Do you love animals?
Would you save your pet in a fire before you would save a person?
What was the worst storm you have ever been in?
What was the worst behavior you witnessed?
What was the worst crime against humanity?
What was the worst thing that a sibling did to you?
What was the worst party you attended?
What was the worst political crime you know of?
What was the worst travel experience you had?
What was the worst disappointment in your life?
What was the worst food you ever ate?
What was the worst book you ever read?
What was the worst investment you ever made?
What was the worst family trip you went on?
What was the worst movie ever made?
What was the worst sexual experience in your life?
What was the worst New Year’s Eve you ever experienced?
What was the worst date you were ever on?
What was the worst holiday of your life?
What was the worst thing that happened to you in an elevator?
What was the worst home you have ever lived in?
What was the worst home decorating or fix-it experience?
What was the worst medical experience?
What was the worst or most uncomfortable place you ever slept?
What was the worst experience you had in a restaurant?
What was the worst car you ever had?
What was the worst television series ever made?
Would you buy an SUV or other gas-guzzling recreational vehicle?
What would it take for you to give up all your worldly possessions?
Do you worry about dying?
What is the most shocking thing you could tell about yourself?
Are you mild- or hot-tempered?
What leading figure in a field would you like to hear speak?
What do you like least about your life?
Would you rather spend time or money on something?
What things can you do to feel less lonely?
What do you want to pass on to your children?
Are you good or bad at bluffing?
What is the worst rejection you have experienced and how did you handle it?
What is the most clever thing you ever did for revenge?
When you see fresh flowers, do you usually take a few moments to breathe in their aroma?
What do you wish others knew or understood about you that you think they do not?
Do you keep your motives to yourself or do you share them?
When you look back on your life, what amazes you the most?
What was one of your most peaceful moments?
What was the most unforgettable coincidence you ever experienced or heard about?
Are you regarded as a sensitive person or not?
Are you an emotional person?
Are you basically lucky?
Do you feel hurt if people do not try to cheer you up when you are unhappy?
What moment in your life would you like to replay?
What cares do you wish to drop?
Did you think that you would turn out the way that you have?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Cigars: stinky or stylish?
What do you know so well and enjoy so much that you never accept less than the best?
Would you rather wake up early or sleep in late?
Have you ever tried to do the right thing and have it backfire?
Would you spend a week in an empty room?
When you make choices about right or wrong, do you consider mainly present or future consequences?
What was the most important decision you ever had to make?
What was a kindness shown to you today?
What are your disabilities?
With whom would you trade places?
In what ways has aging changed your life?
Are you a retirement village type of person?
What one thing most frightens you about growing old?
At sixty-five, will you be broke, still be working, be retired and living comfortably, or be rich?
What would you like to “program” your dreams to be?
What is a secret you keep from almost everyone?
When you think of the next ten years, what are you most excited about?
What are your greatest personal concerns?
At what age does the quality of life go down?
How would you like to spend the last minutes of your life?
What do you look forward to the most and the least about growing old?
How much money do you think you will need for retirement?
To you, is aging decay or growth? What do you do to restore your soul?
Have you ever witnessed something you just cannot forget?
What type of work would you like to do during your retirement for supplemental income?
Would you go peaceably to a retirement home?
When should people stop driving?
Do you feel children have a responsibility for the care of elderly parents?
How old do you want to be when you die?
At what age do you want to retire?
How would you make choices for a parent facing a long and agonizing physical deterioration?
How do you plan to have financial security for when you retire?
At 100 years old, what would you be doing and where would you be?
What does retirement mean to you?
Where do you want to retire and with what people?
Do you look forward to or dread retirement?
Could you retire in a college town?
Will you make a good old person?
What is your dream retirement?
At what age will you or did you begin to slow down?
Do you prefer cremation or burial?
Describe yourself at eighty.
What do you take pride in?
Do you think Social Security will be around when you retire?
Who are the oldest people you know?
How do you plan to spend the last years of your life?
Would you clean the outside windows of a skyscraper?
What is your interest in history?
Why do you think some people are cruel?
Would you like to appear on a reality TV show?
What is one inhibition that would you like to lose?
What new things would you like to do?
What are life’s compensations for growing older?
Describe the perfect retirement home.
What elderly relative would you like to get to know better?
What physical change do you worry about most in the next twenty years?
Are you saving enough money for retirement?
What will be the sources of your retirement income?
Will you purchase your gravesite while you are still alive or have it purchased for you when you die?
To what charity do you normally donate money or time?
Do you have a 401(k) account?
What kind of older person do you want to be?
When should health care be denied?
What personality traits would you like to cultivate?
What personality traits would you like to eliminate or manage better?
Would it disturb you if, after your death, your body were simply thrown into the woods to rot?
What is the best thing about growing older?
What provisions will you make for your parents if they cannot take care of themselves?
What natural phenomenon or act of nature would you like to see if you would be safe?
What would you hope to find if you traveled into outer space?
Do you think there is life elsewhere in the universe?
What are you thankful for?
Do you think genetically engineered foods are safe or dangerous?
Do you feel that climate change is a serious problem?
Do you think people will live under the ocean’s surface 500 years from now?
What modern-day convenience do you consider a pain in the neck? What modern-day conveniences could you do without?
Do you obey rules you consider unfair or ridiculous?
Would you rather laugh or make others laugh?
In what situations would you like to be more bold and courageous or more assertive?
Would you rather avoid challenge or seek it out?
What are your feelings about the space program in general?
Where is the end of the universe?
Do you believe in fate?
Do you believe in self-fulfilling prophesy?
Do you believe in “every man for himself”?
Do you believe in nature or nurture?
Do you believe you can truly escape your past?
Do you believe you can alter your mind-set without the help of drugs?
Do you think the UFO information surrounding Roswell, New Mexico, is real or hype?
Are the rapid advances in technology helpful or harmful to you?
Should cloning be done at all?
Would you clone yourself if you had the chance?
If you could “uninvent” one thing in the world so that it would no longer exist, what would you choose?
What new devices or machines would you like to have five to ten years from now to make life easier?
Do you think that life like that on Earth exists in another galaxy?
What is something in nature that you would like to bottle and sell?
Would you ever have your sperm or eggs frozen?
What would you do if you were diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease?
Would you rather wear a hairpiece or dentures?
How do the clothes you wear affect your moods and attitudes?
What is the one place you would like to lose weight?
What would you do if you went blind?
Are you self-conscious about your height?
Have you ever felt so sick you wished you would die?
Would you want to know if you had cancer?
How often are you sick?
What are you like when you are sick?
What messages have you received from others about your body?
What would you like a T-shirt to say?
You would jump up and down and shout with joy right now if someone told you _____.
What would you name your yacht?
How do you regard such things as pierced noses etc.—offensive or just bad taste?
What beauty tricks make you look better?
If you were going bald, would you shave your head? Wear a wig?
Do you photograph well?
Would you rather go a week without brushing your teeth or without taking a shower?
Would you rather be sick at home for a week or in the hospital for two days?
What would you do at an event where you are wearing the exact outfit that someone else is?
Have you ever been treated by a psychotherapist?
Do you feel you look better in long or short hair?
Do you think that the radiation emitted from cell phones is dangerous?
Do you tan or burn?
What kind or size of bed do you like?
Do you think people look silly in tattoos?
When were you dressed inappropriately and felt out of place?
What was the greatest amount of physical pain you ever endured?
What was your largest weight gain?
Would you rather be taller or shorter?
Is your way of tackling problems better than other people’s?
With what tool, implement, or utensil do you feel most at ease?
Would you rather die by fire or by drowning?
Would being a hermit come easily or with difficulty for you?
If someone made a statue of you, what position would you choose?
Which interests you more: art or politics?
Are you a gambler? Why or why not?
What would you like to own that you do not already own?
Is less more?
What is one negative in your life that you have been able to turn into a positive?
What is the most difficult or time-consuming task you have done by hand?
Are you a predictable or unpredictable person?
Are you a thinker or a doer?
Has anyone ever imitated something you did or created?
Do you change your mind often or stick to your guns?
Do you prefer day or night?
What is something you forgot once that you will never forget again?
Where is it easiest for you to have important talks?
Do you ever feel as if you do not have anyone to talk to?
Who are three people you consider to be geniuses?
When are you apt to cry?
What makes you feel guilty?
What do you like to do to lift your spirits?
When have you acted phony?
Do you always want to have the last word?