Do you question “conventional wisdom” and authority?
Of what ideas and lifestyles are you less or more tolerant of now than when you were younger?
How would you like to influence people’s minds?
What is your first impression of a gay couple being affectionate in public?
Emphasis on efficiency: good or bad?
How do you know to trust someone?
Who is your favorite world leader?
Did you register to vote the second that you were eligible?
What institution do you have the most faith in?
Are we always responsible for what we do? What are the exceptions?
Which gender has the easiest lifestyle?
Sinking ship: women and children in lifeboats—what would you do?
What does it mean to act selfishly?
Does one particular issue drive your choice of candidates in federal and state elections?
What is one thing about living in this country that you value?
Would you ever run for political office? What would make you do so?
What is the institution you have the least faith in?
What is the silliest thing people do in general?
Which holds greater hope for the world: religion or science?
Do you feel that you are an ethical person?
What is your hope for the nation, for the world?
What is society’s greatest barrier to peace?
What freedom do you value the most?
Do you paddle with or against the current?
Is morality based on religious concepts?
Do you think all people are created equal?
Do you think most people are either born good or bad?
Do you think it is a sin to “live in sin?”
Do you think all, most, some, or no political candidates are pathological liars?
Do you think the ends usually justify the means?
Do you think that Congress does or does not cooperate with a President of the opposite party?
Do you think selling off public lands to private companies for development is ever the right thing to do?
Do you think government should regulate any industries?
How do you explain why a lot of bad people live long, happy lives and innocent good people die?
How do you explain why we have laws and rules?
How do you explain why radar detectors are sold if they are illegal?
How do you explain why so many people have a drug problem?
Have you learned more from successes or failures?
What is the thing that most limits your freedom?
Do you consider suicide to be murder? How do you think God views suicide?
What is the biggest change since your childhood in the way people act or think?
What is a fundamental truth you hold?
What do you believe our individual rights should be?
Are you sympathetic to the underdog?
What is your first impression of a person in a military uniform?
What political, social, or moral cause would you like to be more involved in?
Do you fight for your rights or give up without much of a struggle?
Who would you like others to think you are?
If you got conflicting news reports, which source would you be most inclined to believe: radio, TV, magazines, newspapers, or the Internet?
What is the most important piece of information you have picked up in life so far?
Do you concentrate on one great cause?
Has anything that happened to you changed all your priorities?
What would you like to see featured in the news in the near future?
What is the human situation?
Do you “buy American?” Is buying American important to you?
What do you think about rich people who pay little or no income tax?
What is your favorite provision of the Constitution?
Does the IRS abuse its powers?
Do you think lower-income people pay their fair share, too much, or too little income tax? How about middle-income, upper-income, and you?
What do you think is good about the world?
Would you ever be frozen if promised you could come back?
Is allowing unapproved experimental drugs to be marketed worth the risk of exposing patients to undiscovered side effects?
Would there be more advantages or problems if nobody ever died? What would they be?
If you had fifteen minutes of prime-time TV, how would you use it and what message would you share?
Who is solving the big problems in the world?
What problem, if solved, would give you the greatest peace of mind?
What are restrictions that you cannot stand living with?
What is one item that symbolizes the times in which we live and why do you see it as a symbol?
Can you explain logical positivism or moral relativism?
What does a conscience do and where does it come from?
Can people and nations be grouped and stereotyped?
Are you typical of your generation?
Technology: timesaver or not?
What are five people, places, or things that define the American style now?
Share a hope and a fear you have about the future.
What needs to happen to truly experience freedom?
Where are you likely to find untold treasures?
What areas of research do you feel should be broadened?
What is one thing in life that you care most deeply about?
Are certain nationalities, races, religions, political parties, or countries better, smarter, more industrious, etc.?
If you had to, could you kill someone in war?
Is there any cause you would be willing to die for?
What truth have you learned that you want to share?
What are your definitions of injustice and victimization?
Who are the five top brains?
What unethical things have you done?
Do people generally have common courtesy and manners?
People are most influenced by _____.
Could you stand up for something you thought was right, even though many may disagree?
If you were alive in the 1960s, were you or would you have been a hippie?
What would you do if a close friend or family member who is terminally ill asks you to help him or her die?
What would you do if you had absolute power over other people?
What would you do if you got the freedom you always wanted?
What would you do if you were a smoker in a nonsmoking place?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day? Is there some wrong you would right?
What would you do if you witnessed a drug deal?
Which would you like more: fame or success?
What is the perfect age and why?
What famous person’s life story do you think every adult should know about?
What have you contributed to the welfare of the planet?
What does “cool” mean to you?
What is your favorite country?
What is your first impression of a suspect being restrained by a police officer?
What advantages do the youth of today have that you did not have?
How do you know “right” from “wrong?”
Would family and friends describe you as ethical?
When is surrendering a weakness and when is it a strength?
What are things you have not made your mind up about?
What is your favorite piece of common sense?
If your life philosophy could be summarized on a T-shirt, what would it say?
Is there a weaker sex? Which one?
What was the most important idea of this century, last century, and of all time?
Time machine: where would you head first?
Who is the most independent, original thinker you know?
Would you ever be a whistleblower?
Should Columbus Day be a national holiday?
If you could have a different point of view, how would you like to see the world?
What would be the advantages and disadvantages of one language for the whole world?
Home HIV tests: a good or bad idea?
Does state-sponsored gambling really create jobs and stimulate local economy?
What do you think about using tax money to support private schools?
Where should funding of the arts come from?
What gives you the best value for your tax dollar: military defense, police, public broadcasting, public schools, or _____?
What should be the energy resources of the future?
What is your first impression of an underage pregnant woman?
Who was the most important role model in your life?
What behavior of yours that does not represent the real you do you want to change?
What is your first impression of a rock video with scantily clad women?
What are three questions you would like a world survey of?
If you could experience another culture firsthand, which one would it be and what intrigues you about it?
What are three things you feel totally neutral about?
What is a reason for which you would seriously contemplate suicide?
What will you not tolerate no matter what?
What human behavior do you find the most discouraging?
What thought or sentiment would you like to put in fortune cookies?
What wall, boundary, or border would you like to dismantle somewhere in the world?
Do you have confidence in big business?
Have you ever gone against popular political opinions or beliefs?
What are some of the most tragic things happening in our world?
Should gay couples have the right to marry?
Do you think capital punishment acts as a deterrent?
What should be the use of American military forces beyond our borders to apprehend alleged violators of U.S. law?
Should the identity of jurors be protected in criminal trials?
What do you think about anti-land mine campaigns?
Would you rather be rich and alone or poor with lots of friends?
Would you rather have no rules or live with the ones that exist?
Would you rather go to war or be a conscientious objector?
Would you rather drive a tank during a war or work on an aircraft carrier?
Would you rather be a liberal or a fundamentalist?
How should Medicaid and Medicare work, and what are possible improvements?
What are your feelings about pornography?
Should there be secret/classified government documents?
What was the biggest news event during your life so far?
Can nuclear war be prevented?
Have you ever marched for or against anything?
How do you feel about guns?
Are you more accepting of racial diversity than your parents?
How should military expenditures be regulated?
While growing up, what did war mean to you?
What do you think about allowing people to view executions?
What should the minimum punishment be for those who commit white-collar crimes?
What two people would you like to see in the next presidential race?
Do you favor or oppose a law forbidding the sale of all alcohol?
What heavy luxury tax should be imposed?
Is there more or less crime in your city or area than a year ago?
Do you have confidence in organized labor?
What should prisoners contribute to society while locked up, besides license plates?
What should be changed about the American electoral system?
How would you fix “the system?”
Is there a case in which stealing is legitimate?
Atrocity photos: do they manipulate the public?
Are all politicians a little crooked?
What do you think should be done about election campaign financing limits?
Do you support life imprisonment without parole for major drug dealers?
What is interesting to you in the news?
If sex with minors was legal, would you do it?
What do you think of the creation and use of an international language?
Should you be able to sue the President?
Should there be a law requiring a husband to be notified if his wife decides to have an abortion?
Should government educate people about the environment?
What are your thoughts about prison and forgiveness?
What do you think of the “three strikes” laws?
What do you do with recyclables?
How do you support the use of renewable energy?
Is our President honest and trustworthy?
What do you think the Republican Party’s relationship with women is?
Should neighbors be warned about sex offenders?
What should be the punishment for child abuse?
Should health insurance cover infertility treatments?
What do you think about condom distribution in high schools?
Are you optimistic or pessimistic about the nation’s future?
Do you have confidence in TV news? Internet news?
What revision of current parole laws would you make?
What is the most important election issue for the federal government?
What was the most interesting legal case of the past year?
Do you think the judicial system is fair, too lenient, or too tough in sentencing criminals?
What three questions should every American have to answer?
Do we really need the CIA?
Should animals be used in medical and scientific experiments?
What measures should be taken to save endangered species?
Do you try to be politically correct?
Does the National Rifle Association reflect your views about guns?
Have you ever taken part in the Gallup or Roper Poll or other public opinion surveys?
To reduce crime, will it help to have more police?
Should taxpayers support professional sports teams with new stadiums and tax breaks?
Genetic engineering: beneficial or potentially harmful?
What are your thoughts on the role of the United Nations?
What are government policies’ effect on moral values?
What is your opinion of the draft?
What is your opinion of the death penalty?
What is your opinion of equal rights for homosexuals?
What is your opinion on increasing surveillance of U.S. citizens by the government?
What is your opinion on gun control and gun licenses?
What is your opinion of drug control efforts?
What is your opinion about giving the U.S. military the power to aid police in antiterrorist activities?
What is your opinion of the U.S. military?
What is your opinion of the possible legalization of drugs?
What is your opinion of monopolies?
What do you think about feeding the poor and malnourished in the United States and elsewhere?
What event in American history do you most vividly remember?
What should be done about sexual harassment in the military and in military academies?
Should doctors inform patients about the alternatives to abortion?
Which local social service agencies are effective?
What is the most regrettable event in U.S. history?
Who should be overseeing the safety of prescription drugs?
What is media’s impact on our knowledge of world events?
What existing law would you eliminate?
If asked to serve in a war that you felt was unjust, what would you do?
What is the price of peace?
What does “peace on earth” mean to you?
What great accomplishments or world developments have occurred during your lifetime?
How old is too old to be President?
Should English be our official language?
What do you know and think about the RU-486 abortion pill?
What prominent politicians have you met?
What do you think about enforcing payment of criminal fines?
Would you turn in a lawbreaker or play it safe?
What news stories bother you?
Do you fear nuclear war?
Do you have a favorable or unfavorable opinion of Hillary Rodham Clinton?
What do you think of (Internet) net neutrality?
What are your thoughts on the Social Security system?
What is the first step toward resolving poverty?
Do you vote by party or by the person running?
Do you have confidence in the church or organized religion?
What do you think about allowing women on combat aircraft or ships?
Should the National Anthem be played before sporting and other entertainment events?
Should prayer in school be prohibited?
What should be the fate of draft resisters or dodgers?
What else might nations do, besides war, to settle their differences?
Should science classes in schools teach an alternative to evolution?
What do you think about deactivating air bags?
What would a world peacekeeping system be like?
What should be done about the problem of drug abuse in the United States?
Is American society basically racist or are incidents isolated?
What do you think the length of a presidential term and the number of consecutive terms should be?
What is your perception of immigrants to the United States?
What should be done about the intrusive coverage by modern journalism?
Are any illegal acts justified under certain circumstances?
Would you cut off federal welfare benefits to people who have not found a job or become self-sufficient in two years?
What are the ways you believe the government lies to us?
What was America’s lowest national moment in your lifetime?
Have you ever been the target of prejudice?
Do you support the United States building a defense system against nuclear missiles?
Do you think we should try reestablishing U.S. diplomatic relations with Cuba?
Who do you think should be added to Mount Rushmore?
Have you tried to start your own business?
Should libraries get free books from publishers?
Have you ever boycotted companies that sponsor conservative causes?
What do you think of the repatriation of Native American burials?
What do you think the punishment should be for senior management officials when they commit stock fraud and similar crimes?
How do you feel when a TV program is interrupted by a special news bulletin?
Do you have confidence in the police?
What evidence of racist attitudes have you witnessed?
How important is it to you to vote in local, state, and national elections?
What are our nation’s moral values?
What do you think about limiting the number of terms for Congress and the Senate?
Who was the best President in your lifetime and also before your lifetime?
What do you think NATO’s and the UN’s involvement in the internal affairs of countries should be?
Do you think that campaigning for President should start at a designated time before the election?
Have you ever run for any office?
What presidential candidates did you think were a joke?
What do you think of the issue of assisted suicide?
What do you think the federal funding of public TV and radio should be?
Can you be nonviolent in a conflict with a violent adversary and survive?
Do you believe in the death penalty or do you think it should be banned?
Should doctors be allowed to end the life of a patient who is about to die and is or will experience great suffering (i.e., doctor-assisted suicide in life-threatening situations)?
What section of the newspaper do you most like to read?
What should be done about criminals acquitted on technicalities?
What can be done to stop child slave labor?
What would be your priorities list for Congress?
Which Vice President would have been a great President?
Were you counted in the country’s most recent census?
Do people generally have respect for the law?
What is the first step toward ending racism?
Do you favor or oppose a constitutional amendment to permit prayer in public schools?
Have you ever seen firsthand the damage war can do to people or places?
Have you ever had the urge to kill someone?
Have you ever thought of joining the Peace Corps?
Have you ever thought of running for a political office?
Have you ever been an anarchist?
Have you ever switched political parties?
Have you ever marched in a protest or rally?
What do you think about the rate of violent crime in the United States?
The human organ shortage: should we pay for donated organs?
What new law would you like to make?
Is reverse discrimination a real problem?
What should be done about unsolicited junk mail, e-mail spam, and phone solicitation?
What should be the priority: exploring space, the ocean, or our planet?
How should racial epithets be treated?
Which concerns you more: the nation’s economic or moral problems? Are they related?
If there was no need for armies, how should government use the money?
Would you tell the FBI about a family member you knew committed or was suspected of committing a crime?
Do you support or oppose government-sanctioned affordable health care in the United States?
Should there be a limit of legal immigrants in the United States?
Should more stringent measures be taken to prevent illegal immigrants from entering the country?
How should the identification and deportation of illegal aliens be handled?
Do you believe in doctor-assisted suicide in nonimmediately life-threatening cases?
What should be the penalty for illegally dumping or disposing of nuclear waste?
Do you see abortion as a major presidential issue?
What big wartime event affected you?
Do you have confidence in the criminal justice system?
Can you define or describe the word “quality”?
Who should be sponsoring the arts?
Do you have confidence in the medical system?
Which fertility practice do you think needs regulation?
Should we continue to send astronauts to the Moon?
What can you do personally to eradicate racism?
Do you define yourself politically as liberal, moderate, or conservative?
How do you react to littering?
What was your verdict in the O. J. Simpson trial?
What do you think should go on the site of the former World Trade Center?
What can be done about overcrowding in prisons?
Do you engage in political protest?
Have you ever given testimony in court?
Do you have confidence in newspapers?
Do public officials really care what people think?
What is your confidence in the police force?
Do you worry about terrorist attacks?
Known disabilities: would you abort or give birth?
Would you report a rape or sexual assault?
How much do you think people should get for something like silicon breast implants that they chose but that ended up being dangerous to their health?
Do you support the death penalty for persons convicted of murder?
How should we be dealing with the terrorism issue?
Do you think the location of battered women’s shelters should be unpublished?
Should it be illegal to manufacture, sell, or possess semiautomatic guns (assault rifles)?
What should the fine be for running a red light?
Should marital rape be a crime and punishable how?
How do you think the problems in the Middle East could be resolved?
Should victims have more rights and criminals less?
The Middle East: are your sympathies more with the Israelis or the Palestinians?
What steps have you taken to conserve water?
What is our country’s most pressing problem today?
What would be the effect of women on national security if they were used in direct combat?
Can civilians who never served in the military ever fully understand war?
What did you think of the Whitewater scandal?
What did you think about the Monica Lewinsky scandal?
What do you think about stopping all legal immigration into the United States for the next five years?
Whose politics have you admired?
Does the drive to be original motivate or stifle you?
How do you think the world would be different if all the world’s leaders were women?
When do you make up your mind for voting: in the voting booth, days before, the week before, or long before the election?
What steps have you taken to prevent climate change from worsening?
What should be done to regulate government expenditures and eliminate waste in the U.S. government?
Do you own a flag and display it?
How would you rate the current President?
Would you perjure yourself to protect someone you love?
How harmful do you think secondhand smoke is?
Do you think that smoking should be banned from bars everywhere? In public everywhere?
What would the world be like without superpower nations?
What patriotic gestures have you made?
Should there be a law requiring private companies to retrain employees who lose their jobs to mergers and downsizing?
What do you think the campaign issues will be in the next presidential election?
Is it too easy to get a divorce? Too hard?
Right or wrong? Ebonics?
Right or wrong? Prostitution?
Right or wrong? Downloading music files or movies without paying?
Right or wrong? Abortion in first three months, second three months, and final three months?
Right or wrong? Marijuana?
Right or wrong? Gay marriages?
Right or wrong? Drafting of women?
Right or wrong? Charter schools?
Do you favor or oppose the RU-486 abortion pill as a prescription drug?
Do you interact on a personal level with people outside your racial or ethnic group?
Do you follow the results of public opinion polls?
Do you have an understanding of how public opinion polls are conducted?
Do you think the FBI has a file on you?
Do you think race relations have improved or gotten worse in your lifetime?
Do you eat only “dolphin safe” tuna?
Do you think we should establish a new system where federal campaigns are funded only by the government?
What do you think about the global village concept?
What do you think about abortion when a woman or a family cannot afford to raise the child?
Should government promote any particular set of values?
Why do you think it is that you cannot vote until you are eighteen, but you can drive a car at sixteen?
What issue do you feel strongly about but have kept to yourself?
Microsoft, Google, Apple, etc.: Bad Big Brother or Good Guy?
What government position do you think you would be great at?
What will be the most powerful nation in 100 years?
What is your overall opinion of Mexico? Canada?
What do you think about the speed or lack of speed of FDA drug approval?
Is society biased against single women?
What should be the punishment for Nazi-era deeds?
What rules should exist concerning smoking?
What should the antidrug methodology be: law enforcement or education?
If you were on a jury, could you send someone to death if he or she was found guilty of murder?
Immigrants: are they a serious threat to Americans’ jobs?
Why do you vote for “your” political party?
Is the federal government doing a good or bad job of governing the country?
What do you think the size and role of the federal government should be?
Does the President have a clear plan for solving the country’s problems?
Should the really big corporations be made to be less of a monopoly?
What would you say to the President if you had fifteen minutes alone?
Should all parolees or probationers pay for their own supervision?
Which President do you think had the greatest impact?
If you were the only one to witness a crime, would you report it?
In what ways are men discriminated against: paternity leave, retirement age, legal voice over abortions, more rights in divorce settlements, and child custody?
Would you use food stamps if you had to?
What is a government policy you strongly disagree with?
What should be done with hazardous waste and what are alternatives for its removal?
Should the government be involved in trying to create jobs?
What is one function in our culture that you would like to see become more efficient?
Can a husband who abuses his wife be trusted with his children?
Should it be illegal to perform abortion in the last six months of pregnancy except to save the life of the mother?
Do you favor or oppose teaching about gay/lesbian orientation/lifestyles in public schools?
Do you think you would make a good politician?
Does media have a liberal bias or a right-wing bias?
What steps have you taken to prevent the destruction of the rain forest?
Should the government do more or less to solve our country’s problems?
What should be the punishment for incest?
Do you support foreign aid in the form of military assistance?
How were you affected by the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001?
Have you mostly voted for winners or losers?
How would you solve littering problems?
Are you a Republican, Democrat, or Independent?
How can we begin to transform our culture?
If your election were guaranteed, would you run for public office? If so, which? If not, why not?
Is government run by a few big interests or mostly for the benefit of all people?
If you were the President of the United States and could change one thing, what would it be?
Do elected officials care more about being reelected than doing what is right?
Do you believe America is respected?
What do you do about issues that bother you?
Who should be overseeing the soundness of financial institutions?
What revision of the welfare system would you make?
Should women murderers face the same kinds of punishment as men?
What should America’s role in world affairs be?
Are all tests inherently culturally biased?
What should be done to drunk drivers who kill?
What should the minimum punishment be for those who rape?
Televised trials: do cameras belong in the courtroom?
Do you keep up with current events?
What causes have you fought for over the years?
Would you report a possible case of child abuse?
What can be done for refugees seeking asylum?
How can we get rid of gangs and gang violence?
In what ways might your own attitudes be racist or bigoted?
Do you think state governments should be authorized to handle welfare?
Have you personally been a victim of racism or other prejudice?
Does the President share your values?
What role should the United States play in the New World Order?
Should we be softer or stricter on juveniles who commit crimes?
Should we be softer or stricter on people who commit racial injustices?
Should we be softer or stricter on those who download music or movies without paying?
Should we be softer or stricter on those who commit fraud and corruption in the medical, legal, and insurance fields?
Should we be softer or stricter on people who physically abuse their spouses?
Should we be softer or stricter on pedophiles?
Should we be softer or stricter on underage drinkers?
Should we be softer or stricter on gamblers?
Should we be softer or stricter on drunk drivers?
Should we be softer or stricter on people who jump turnstiles in subways?
Should we be softer or stricter on people who do not buckle their seat belts?
Should we be softer or stricter on graffiti artists?
If you could be assured that the President would really read and answer your letter, what would you write?
What one politician would you like to see out of office?
What is your overall opinion of Israel?
Is the convenience of human beings more important than the protection of nature?
What are the effects of bad news in the media?
Define our responsibilities in a democracy.
Would you advocate government force when necessary?
Should foods or ingredients be labeled as such if they are genetically modified?
Have you ever boycotted produce because of growers’ unfair labor practices?
When do you think cellular phones are bothersome or obnoxious?
Should there be a law requiring a twenty-four-hour waiting period before an abortion procedure is done?
How has your view of politics changed since you started voting?
Did you ever falsify a time card, report card, or expense report?
Should alcoholic beverages be sold online or via mail order?
What is the most regrettable event in international history?
What was the most compelling news story of the past year?
If a person “supports his or her own kind,” is he or she being racist?
What campaign slogans do you remember?
Who should be overseeing the safety of food products?
What kind of leader are you most apt to follow?
What news events have fascinated you?
What issue concerns you the most and what have you done about it?
Could a woman be an effective President of the United States?
When will we stop thinking about race and sex when selecting a new President?
If you were head of the country, what rules would you make so citizens would be well-educated?
How do you feel about the Tea Party movement in the United States?
What should be done about nuclear arms?
Do you think the United States should be aiding the poor in other nations?
Should hunting animals be legal?
Why can’t a nuclear weapons freeze be successfully negotiated?
How do TV political ads influence your decisions?
Are politicians more or less capable nowadays than they used to be?
What do you do to protect your privacy?
Do you favor reduction in size and budget of all government agencies?
Do you refuse to cross picket lines?
Do you think the Head Start program works?
Do you know how many countries there are in the world?
What was the best debate you ever watched?
What do you think about abortion when pregnancy was caused by rape or incest?
How can society prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases?
What event raised your understanding of the larger world?
What direction do you think the country is going in?
How do you stand on the issue of abortion? Are you pro-life or pro-choice?
Should drones be used as surveillance or weapons?
Should a woman’s life be spared before a man’s?
You would fight in a war if _____.
Does the federal government do a good or bad job on commercial air safety?
What should be done to enforce payment of child support?
What do you think about equality in the military?
What do you think should be changed in the immigration regulations for the United States?
Should sex offenders be chemically castrated?
What do you think about homosexuals in the military?
Should there be a law requiring women under eighteen to get parental consent for abortion?
If the leaders of our nation followed the views of the public more closely, do you think the nation would be better or worse off?
What should happen to people who inflame religious or ethnic hatred?
Do you think that homosexuals should or should not have equal rights in terms of marriage and job opportunities?
What would you do if the President tried to end a strike and failed?
What would you do if the draft was reinstated?
What would you do if your best friend wore a fur coat to your party?
What would you do if terrorists started to attack U.S. cities on a frequent basis?
What would you do if your significant other became extremely politically active?
What would you do if carcinogenic chemicals were discovered in your backyard?
What do you think about prohibiting all noncitizens (even legal residents) from contributing to political campaigns?
How young is too young to be President, congressperson, governor?
What do you think a world government might be like?
What are the most hopeful signs of progress in race relations?
How can problems with border patrols be dealt with?
What would be your strategy to fight the war on drugs?
How would you battle an unscrupulous manufacturer?
What are your thoughts about the right and responsibility to vote?
What do you think about government-funded school vouchers for the school of the parents’ choice (public, private, or parochial)?
Do you have confidence in the military?
What environmental issue concerns you the most?
What should be the percentage of federal spending for social programs such as health, education, and welfare?
Does the United States interfere too much internationally?
Should newspapers print quotes from unnamed sources?
Would you break the law in certain situations? Which ones?
Why are homeless people homeless?
Should people have the right to defend themselves, their family, and property by all available means?
What is outlawed that you wish was not?
What should the penalties be for breaking environmental laws?
Should the President intervene in labor disputes?
Is enough done to prevent terrorism in the United States?
What do you think about large cuts in funding for welfare?
Does the FDA do a good job monitoring food safety?
How can we grow global-mindedness in youth? Does it matter?
Would you still vote for your last presidential choice if the election was held now?
Intellectual property agreements: are they fair?
What would be a good alternative to prisons? What do you think about the problem of prison overcrowding?
Do you check to see if something is printed on recycled paper?
Would you report software piracy?
What precautions for shipments of hazardous materials should be taken?
What was America’s grandest national moment in your lifetime?
Would you classify marijuana as a drug and regulate it?
Do newscasters portray news with accuracy?
Does money from lobbyists and political action committees have too much influence on elections and government policy?
Would you vote for or against a constitutional amendment to require a balanced federal budget?
Are fertility doctors going too far?
Would you say there is more or less crime in the United States than a year ago?
What do you think about reducing federal spending for military and defense purposes?
What should be the pollution and emission controls?
Would you only vote for candidates who share your views on abortion?
Should cigarette companies be held legally responsible by families of smokers who died of smoking-related causes?
What should be done about the cost of health care in the United States?
What should the punishment be for apartheid-era crimes?
Which political party is more interested in education?
Should a child’s life be spared before an adult’s?
Are there too many or not enough sexual harassment lawsuits?
What is your opinion of the welfare system?
What is your opinion of the fight against organized crime?
What is your opinion of the fight against drugs?
What is your opinion of the fight against cancer?
What is your opinion of a strong police force?
What is your opinion of more funding for the military?
What were the saddest stories of the past year?
What do you think about international intelligence gathering?
What would be a great new site for the U.S. President’s home?
What other Presidents besides Richard Nixon do you think were corrupt?
What do you think about limiting the amount of money individual citizens can contribute to political parties?
Do you think that the welfare system should exist and what should be its place in the future?
Do people really have a say in what government does?
What should the regulations be for pornography on the Internet?
What act of injustice troubles you?
Should the sentence be fixed for certain offenses or should it be based on evidence and circumstances?
What contributes most to tension between the races?
Should every citizen be entitled to free Internet?
What do you think about socialized medicine?
How do you feel about people with extreme political views?
Who was the most attractive politician in history?
Do you think abortion should be legal under any circumstances, legal only under certain circumstances, or illegal under all circumstances?
What progress do you think our nation has made with the drug problem?
How do you feel about news media’s coverage of presidential campaigns?
What interactions have you had with the police?
Do you think the warning on cigarette packages means anything to smokers?
Do you know your local politicians personally?
Are you often or never unsure of whom to vote for?
Have you ever worked on a political campaign?
Is there a particular law you have pretty much always disregarded?
What do you think of requiring people to vote, not just giving them the right?
What friends, neighbors, and relatives of yours were involved in a war?
Have you ever witnessed a serious crime?
Do you have confidence in the public schools?
Would you be a good political campaigner?
Do you follow local government doings?
Would a king have been better than a president for the United States?
Do you think presidential term limits should be abolished?
Do you buy only “cruelty-free” products?
What do you think the Democratic Party’s relationship with women is?
Do we need more than two political parties?
What do you think the postal system of the future will be like?
What should churches’ involvement in political matters be?