What is sacred?
How does God speak to you?
Who made the world and who made God?
Could you ever be a religious leader?
The Bible: fiction or nonfiction?
What biblical event would you like to have witnessed?
Do you have a special memory of Sunday school or confirmation?
Are you familiar with the beliefs of other spiritual traditions? Is there one that particularly interests you?
Do you read or have you read the Bible?
What additional Commandment would you add to the Ten Commandments?
If somebody or something does not fit your system of beliefs, what do you do?
What was your most spiritual moment?
Have you ever had psychic intuition or premonition?
Do you know about the teachings of the Buddha? What do you think of the Dalai Lama?
Have any predictions for you come true?
What prayer did you feel was answered and what one was not?
Would or did you have a religious wedding ceremony?
If you believe in life after death, where do you think you are going or what do you think you are coming back as?
Do you read your horoscope regularly?
What is heaven like?
Would you marry someone with different religious beliefs?
Would you marry someone who is atheist or agnostic?
If you could ask God one question, what would it be?
When did you first read the Bible?
Would you ever elope? Would that suit you? Would it hurt your family and/or friends?
What have you learned from reading the Bible?
How has your spirituality changed since you were a child?
What crisis pushed you closer to God or into spirituality?
Do you believe in good luck charms?
Do you worry about whether you will go to heaven?
Do you believe that a house can be haunted?
Do you believe people can hear from or communicate with the dead?
Do you believe televangelists are legitimate?
Do you believe in the Ten Commandments?
Do you believe that there is a God who cares?
Do you believe in miracles?
What is a new belief system(s) you adopted and how did it change your life?
What is your expectancy of going to heaven?
Should the church stay out of politics?
Why do you think televangelists are so popular?
What should be the role of prayer in childhood?
What beliefs would you go out on a limb for?
What things do you pray for presently?
Which one of the Ten Commandments is most important to you?
Are you superstitious about a black cat crossing your path, walking under a ladder, the number 13 or 666, breaking a mirror, or knocking on wood?
Have you changed a deeply held belief because of practical experience?
What animal would you like to be reincarnated as?
How do you pray?
Does the Bible have a happy ending?
What teachings of your church confused you?
Do you think that God sees everything?
What does the Sabbath mean to you?
Does God love some people more than others?
Does prayer help save people?
Have you ever doubted there was a God?
Was there a time when God did not seem to exist?
Do you believe in superstitions and how superstitious are you?
With what belief have you struggled?
Who is the most spiritual or religious person you have known?
Have you ever had predictive dreams?
What person most influenced your spiritual life?
Have you ever had any out-of-body or déjà vu experiences?
If you are presently attending church, how did you come to join it?
Do you believe humans have souls?
What is your favorite Bible passage?
What is your favorite biblical character?
What is your favorite prayer?
What is your favorite church or temple?
What is your favorite spiritual pick-me-up when feeling blue?
What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think about God?
What were the three superstitions you heard most while growing up?
What was the funniest thing that happened in a religious setting?
What spiritual leader would you like to learn more about?
What parts of the Bible do you like best or which had meaning for you?
Do you believe in the afterlife and reincarnation?
What do you wish your parents had told you about their spirituality?
Who do you know who is psychic?
Can you learn to use intuition?
Tell about something your spirituality motivated you to do.
Where do you pray and where do you worship?
Have you ever witnessed a seemingly supernatural event?
Have you ever changed your religion?
Why were we created?
What have you given up for your religion?
Do you believe in voodoo?
Do you think that most wars were started because of religious conflict?
Talk about forgiveness.
What does baptism mean to you?
What cults and religions give you the creeps?
Is organized religion for you, or are your beliefs more alternative?
Was religion important during your teen years?
Do you believe in heaven’s existence?
Would you ever donate money to a televangelist?
Do Ouija boards or crystal balls really work?
Do you believe in déjà vu?
Do you ever feel you were here in a previous life?
When was there a time when incredible faith was required of you?
How important was religion to your family when you were young?
What do you really believe in?
Is it important for a Christian to attend church?
Do you believe animals have souls?
Do you believe in angels?
Do you think religion is increasing its influence or losing it?
Is taking communion meaningful for you?
Which of the Ten Commandments is most ignored today?
What benefits do you see in believing in a higher power?
Do you usually believe people who tell you that they have seen an angel or had a similar religious experience or do you think that they are basically crazy?
Were you ever active in a religious youth organization? Why or why not?
If you are presently attending church, what would you like to change about it?
Do you have an active spiritual life?
Do you explore your spirituality alone or with others?
Will God answer your prayers?
Are there things people should not pray for?
In what situation would it be awkward for you to talk about your spirituality?
What do you look for in a church?
Who have you prayed for most and why?
What person from the Old Testament do you admire?
Should the Bible be a sourcebook for instruction? Other sacred books?
Where would you build your temple or place to practice your spirituality?
Have you had any personal experiences with God?
Are you becoming more spiritual as you age?
Have you ever had a religious epiphany?
Who prays for you?
When was a time you felt forgiven?
What is your involvement with religion as an adult?
What are your most important spiritual goals?
What do you think about claims to having a vision of God or Jesus?
What do you think about going to church versus praying on your own?
What do you think God’s gender and/or race is?
What do you think of atheists and agnostics?
What do you think of Catholic clergy celibacy?
What do you think of the possibility of new religions?
What do you think of women as priests, rabbis, clerics, etc.?
Has God ever spoken to you and what did He or She say?
What does God look like?
What parent most influenced your spiritual development?
What three questions would you like to ask God?
How do you feel right now about religion?
Did you resent or enjoy church and/ or Sunday school?
Who is a friend who really lives his or her spirituality?
Do you believe in ESP, telepathy, telekinesis, clairvoyance, or channeling?
Do you believe that it is possible to divine the future?
Where is the presence of God in a sometimes hostile world?
When between Thanksgiving and Christmas does your holiday spirit peak?
Do you believe there are witches?
What are the most influential experiences of your life?
Do you believe in God?
What pastor/priest/etc. did you feel closest to and why?
What cults would you have belonged to?
How did the example of your parents’ spirituality influence your desire to pursue that same spirituality?
Do you ever try to convert others to your religion?
What effect has nature had on your spirituality?
Have you had a close brush with death or other spiritual experience that changed your life?
What are your first memories of attending a religious service?
Have you ever known any born-again Christians and how did you feel about them?
What book or article had an impact on your spirituality?
Do you believe in the Devil or demons?
Do you believe people can be possessed by the Devil or demons?
Is your intellectual life compatible with your spirituality?
Do you pray? Why and how often?
Do you believe there is a hell? If so, how can you keep from going there?
What religions have you explored and rejected?
Did/do you and your family attend religious services?
Would you ever boycott a product, service, movie, book, or play for a religious reason?
What were the most important religious holidays in your childhood home?
How important would you say religion is in your life?
What was your religious training growing up?
What is a concern you have about your spiritual life?
Have you had any telepathic or paranormal experiences?
What are your church memories from childhood?
Do you believe all religions are basically the same?
What was the role of prayer in your childhood home?
How many of the Ten Commandments can you list?
What are the qualities you love about being human?
Where do you perceive abundance and/or lack of it in your life?
Do you believe in karma?
What do you consider as a necessary evil(s)?
What ways have you changed for the better because of your spirituality?
What is it about spirituality that brings us so much satisfaction?
What experience fills you with peace?
Have you ever practiced visualization?
Do you believe we are descendants of Adam and Eve?
Has anyone ever made fun of you for what you believe?
What important decisions have you based on intuition?
Would you live your life differently if you knew that you were going to die soon?
Why do you think bad things happen to good people?
What is your individual purpose on Earth?
What religious place would you like to visit?
Does your happiness outweigh regret in general?
Do people have heroes or heroines anymore?
How do you feel about your life right now?
Have you ever experienced the feeling that you do not really exist?
What is your metaphor(s) for life: life is like _____.
Do you believe in destiny or choice?
Describe a supernatural event, real or imagined.
Describe an experience you consider close to a miracle.
Describe a higher plane of existence.
Describe God.
Describe an alternative to a god.
Describe what your religion will be like in 100 years.
Do you believe America is truly tolerant of all religions?
Do you expect miracles?
How would your life be if you only listened to your inner voice?
What is your biggest regret?
Do you want others to act the way you do?
How would you prefer not to die?
What places do you go to in your mind when you want some peace and quiet?
Would you like to live forever?
Have you ever felt detached from your body and everything else?
Have you ever tried meditation?
Does yoga help bring your mind to another plane?
Why do you think we look out from an individual body and point of view?
What about beauty draws us to it and why does it make us feel good?
What hunches have you had lately and how did you use them?
Do you feel that you give off more positive or negative karma in your daily life?
What is the greatest leap of faith you have taken?
Does free will exist?
Do you think God designates how long each person will live or He or She allows circumstances to determine that?
What are your reasons for wanting to go on living?
What is your idea of paradise, either before or after death?
How long do you think you will live?
How long would you like to live?
What are the things you used to be afraid of?
In what areas do you have some “healthy disbelief”?
If you were a plant, you would be _____.
What would you like to say to adults who wish they were children again?
What is one superhuman ability you would choose to have?
What could you take less seriously?
Are there unforgivable acts? What are they and why?
Do you believe in the power of self-transformation?
What are three steps you need to take to become the person you were meant to be?
What things can you prove are true?
Is there any religion you are not interested in exploring?
Have you ever consulted: horoscopes, a palm reader, tarot cards, runes, Chinese astrology, a psychic, tea leaves, or I Ching?
What prayers, chants, and sayings make you feel better?
Are you yin or yang?
Do you think the world is becoming more spiritual or less spiritual?