Do you believe people are basically lazy or hardworking and why?
How will you earn your fifteen minutes of fame?
What talent would you like to have more than anything?
What are the “teachers” and “classrooms” in life and what should we do to earn an “A” in life?
If 100 people your age were chosen at random, how many do you think would be leading a life more satisfying than yours?
What is the most boring thing you can imagine doing?
Do you believe that playing is more important than winning?
Do differences in social standing reflect what people have made of their opportunities?
Have you ever felt like a fraud or impostor and that others might find out you are not so great and that you have reached your level of competence?
Are you pursuing your big goals every day?
Define “the good life.”
What is the longest project you ever worked on?
How do you measure a person’s success in life?
Is failure always bad and success always good?
What is the right choice between a man and a woman equally qualified for a managerial position when there are no other women at the top?
What do you think about the availability of good jobs in the United States?
What was your first “real” job?
Would you transfer to a different state than you live in now for a job?
What would your occupation have been in the Old/Wild West?
In what ways do you make your boss look good?
What was the profession you often mentioned when people asked what you were going to be when you grew up?
What occupations do you find despicable?
In what ways do you wish you could change your business history?
What could you do to become the best at your profession?
What is the most likely reason someone would want to join or leave your company?
What do you have in and on your office desk?
If you were the boss, what changes would you make at work?
Would you rather fail in business and be bankrupt or fail in marriage and be divorced?
Would you rather deliver babies or pizzas?
Would you rather take care of animals or people?
Would you rather work for the FBI or NASA?
Would you rather be a dentist or a dress designer?
Would you rather be a cartoonist or a sports columnist?
Would you rather work hard to gain what you want or have it given to you?
Would you rather be a police officer or a firefighter?
Would you rather be a librarian or a chemist?
Would you rather work outdoors with your hands or indoors at a desk job?
Would you rather receive daily encouragement from your boss or a 5 percent raise?
Would you rather work for a pleasant boss or for yourself?
Would you rather work at a job that was challenging or one that was easy?
Would you rather be a farmer or a politician?
Would you rather have a high-paying job and travel 50 percent of the time or an average-paying job with no travel?
Would you rather be highly educated or highly successful?
Would you rather play more or accomplish more?
Is it easy or hard for you to find jobs?
Would you prefer to work at a desk that you primarily sat down at or stood up at?
How many hours do you work each week?
In what ways have you seen racism or sexism at work?
Did you have to work during college?
What would your dream office be like?
What company, organization, or institution would you like to run?
What is an occupation you think would be fascinating?
What is one job you would like to have back?
Will big-business mergers hurt consumers?
Would you change careers?
What is the best way anyone could compliment you about your work?
What are the most- and least-rewarding parts of your job?
What would it take for you to leave your job?
How many times have you changed careers or line of work?
How many times have you changed jobs?
What five projects do you wish you were presently involved with?
How important are unions in protecting the rights of workers?
What would be your company’s epitaph if it went under tomorrow?
What is most important to you concerning a job?
Are minority quotas necessary in hiring?
If you won the lottery, what would you choose to do for a living?
Have you ever taken a sick day when not sick?
Is your organization top-of-the-line, fair-to-middling, or sad and struggling?
What work assignment(s) have you particularly hated?
What inventions make your job easier?
What job on a movie crew would you like to have?
What responsibility or work did you dislike while growing up but that proved very helpful to you as an adult?
What different careers would you like to have if you had to make a change every seven years?
What was the most difficult paycheck you ever earned?
Do you love your work?
Are you satisfied with your current salary?
Have you ever lied to keep your job?
What is something satisfying about your work?
Where is the most interesting destination you got to travel to for business?
What was the dirtiest job you ever did?
How hard do you think you work?
What professions require the skills you have and love?
What work-life issues plague teenagers with jobs?
How many jobs have you had?
Do you think smart kids should skip college to start their own companies?
Would you accept a less enjoyable job for twice what you make?
What has been your motivation to achieve or succeed in your career?
How important is putting in “face time” at work?
Do you display your pet’s picture at work?
What are some false or outdated assumptions people operate under at work?
What was your first self-supporting job?
How can you become more knowledgeable and current in your field?
Would you respect a boss less if he or she smoked cigarettes?
What do you think about the wife as the primary wage-earner?
Have you ever worked for minimum wage when you were over the age of 21?
What new position would you like to attain at work?
How would you deal with the emotional turmoil of losing a job?
As a teenager, what were your part-time jobs?
Have you ever worked as a waiter or waitress?
How can you get paid for doing what you love?
What is an unusual occupation of a friend or relative?
Have you worked mostly with men or women?
Which gender do you prefer as bosses?
Which gender do you prefer as subordinates?
What early jobs did you have?
Do you like to be told what to do or be your own boss?
If you made a huge mistake at work, would you admit it or pretend it had nothing to do with you?
What was the most unusual job you ever had?
On a typical workday, what takes up most of your time?
Have you ever cried at work?
How stressful is your job?
Why should you be hired over other candidates for a job?
How do you advertise yourself?
Are you hardworking or lazy?
What occupation will have the highest salary in fifty years?
What job would you like to have for one month?
Do you have an ultimate career goal?
What would have been your dream career?
What is your idea of the Utopian workplace?
What ideas do you think would help your company improve quality, save money, and increase sales and productivity?
When was a time you lost a job?
How often do you lie at work?
Who would you trade jobs with and why?
Have you ever worked unusual hours?
How do incompetent and obnoxious people manage to keep their jobs?
Of what accomplishments in your career are you the proudest?
What have been the high points of your career(s)?
How much did your first job influence your later career?
What is something you would like to shout at your boss or coworkers?
What is the next challenging assignment you would like to have at work?
What type of work would you like to be doing five years from now?
Which do you prefer to work for: a small company or a giant?
You have striven to be what kind of worker with what qualities?
Do you agree with your employer’s policies and procedures? Have you gone against any of them?
What professions or occupations are actually more harmful than good?
How did your level of education influence your career?
Have you ever been a victim of harassment on the job?
What good business tips have people given you?
What businessperson do you particularly admire?
Does your work keep you awake at night? Why?
What is the simple secret of success in the work world?
What project(s) have you worked on that did not turn out as planned?
Tell a story about a favorite boss.
What promotions have you had?
Have you ever been passed over for a promotion and what did you do about it?
What occupational certifications would you like to achieve?
What kind of company culture and environment are ideal for you?
What additional career education would you like to attain?
What higher educational degrees would you like to achieve?
What business or company do you wish you owned?
Would you like to have your significant other working for you? With you?
Do you have a calling?
What is the most innovative practice, service, or product your organization has launched in the past year?
Where did you get started in your career?
What changes would you like to see made at your company?
What odd jobs have you done?
If you could hire a personal assistant, what would he or she do for you?
If you could have had any job in history, what would it be and why?
If you could work fewer hours in exchange for less pay, would you?
If you could choose what hours and days you work, how would you schedule your forty hours?
If you could trade work skills the way kids swap baseball cards, who would you trade with and for what skills?
If you could start your own business, what would it be?
If you could create a new, unique position for yourself in your organization, what it would be?
Have you ever dated anybody you met at work?
Would you take a golden parachute plan?
What unnecessary work interruptions and trivial matters could you do without?
What are the most popular lies people tell at work?
How would you react to having to listen to New Age music at work for motivation?
How might technology affect your job in fifty years?
Have you ever run your own business? How did you start it?
Do you wish you worked more or fewer hours a week?
Who is the most naturally gifted person you have worked with?
Which interests and economic factors led you to certain career choices?
How do you think your mate feels about his or her career?
Have you ever worked at a fast-food restaurant?
Do you enjoy physical work or mental work?
Have you ever taken supplies from work?
Do you prefer to work alone or with a group?
What work assignment(s) have you particularly enjoyed?
Would you be working in a different profession if it paid more?
Do you often have several projects going at once?
How did where you earned your degree influence your career?
In what way has affirmative action affected you?
Have you ever been discriminated against at work?
What is something important on your desk?
Are you working too hard?
What would you want to be if talentwise it was possible?
What are your present major projects and ventures?
At work, do you make most of the decisions?
What job could your company not pay you enough to do?
What would be a practical alternative to business cards?
What should be the minimum number of paid vacation days dictated by the government?
If a female employee is told by a male supervisor that she looks good, is that sexual harassment?
Do you think women have the same opportunities as men to get jobs or be promoted?
Which high position in your government, industry, religion, or education would you want?
If you were a mail carrier, what weather would bother you most?
Have any major setbacks occurred in your career(s)?
Who has helped you up the ladder?
Are you happier working backstage or as the leading actor?
What people do you know who have been laid off or fired in the last economic downturn?
What is your most important work-style quality?
What is the current state of your career?
What about work most reminds you of what you disliked about school?
Would you report a too-large paycheck?
What do you do at your home desk?
How far would you go to get a job you desperately needed?
Should employers be able to cite diversity as the reason for who will be laid off from a job?
Have you ever had a secretary?
If you had the option to never work again, would you take it?
What do people at your job grumble about most?
In what field of endeavor would you like a two-hour crash course?
Do you enjoy what you do at work?
Would you ever work for your significant other as a subordinate?
What methods would solve the unemployment issue?
Do you know how to properly format a letter?
What do you do when asked to work overtime?
What companies and/or institutions have you worked for?
What is your main opinion of job sharing and other parent-oriented benefits?
What should companies provide for childcare benefits?
What would your ideal job or career be?
How much is your personal identity and self-worth determined by your job and your success at it?
What would you like to be when you grow up?
What was the most unpleasant job you ever had to do?
Do you work on weekends, on vacation?
Have you ever worked at a resort or in a resort area?
Are you a glutton for overwork?
If you were financially independent, would you continue to work?
Are you a better talker or listener?
Talk about responsibility.
How much time per day do you devote to yourself?
Are you practical or ingenious?
How forgetful are you?
Would you put off having kids for a career?
Have you ever given advice when you really did not know what you were talking about?
How do you handle compliments?
Are you nimble with your hands?
Where do you want to be in five years?
Have you ever been fired or laid off?
If you did not have to worry about making a living, what would you most like to do for the rest of your life?
What are three things you would most like to accomplish in the next year?
Were you ever given real help and encouragement in finding out what you wanted to do?
Do you ever daydream about future events? How often?
What are the best and worst business decisions you ever made and how did they affect your life?
Career or custody of child: should women have to choose?
How do you feel about your schedule?
When did you begin using a computer and why?
Which forms of affirmative action make sense in fields that have typically excluded women in the past?
Would you leave your job if your significant other got relocated?
What obligations should you eliminate or say “no” to?
Do you think it is better or worse when management and rank and file mix?
What is your feeling about changing jobs?
Would you want the security of staying at the same company all your life?
Are you a relentless worker?
Have you been paid fairly at jobs throughout your life?
Who would you fire: poor performer/great person or good performer/disliked person?
Should recruitment of women be encouraged in engineering, law enforcement, construction, etc.?
Would you feel more loyalty to a union or your employer?
If you had a choice, would you work at home or commute?
What management fads have driven you crazy?
Is it easy or hard to adapt your behavior to the company you are in?
Is the government adequately regulating business mergers?
Has fear of sexual harassment lawsuits affected your office?
What would motivate you to work seven days a week, twelve hours a day for a month on an important project?
Have you ever wanted your boss’s job?
Are you scared of people in authority?
What business ideas are in your thoughts presently?
What contracts have you signed?
What makes you nervous at work?
What do you think about the virtual workplace?
Who was the most difficult boss you had to deal with?
Do you believe a person is defined by what he or she does for a living? Why?
Have you ever invented an item on your résumé?
What intangible benefit makes your work worthwhile?
Do you take initiative or just do what you are told?
What would you do if a lie detector test was required for a job?
What honor would you like to attain at work?
Do you confuse yourself with your job?
What is the harshest job advice you received?
Do you agree or disagree that it is important to have a good hard failure when you are young?
Do you take more or fewer sick days from work than most people?
Do you take shortcuts to get your work done fast?
Do you define yourself by your job or other things?
Do you socialize with coworkers?
Do you feel confused if you are interrupted while working?
Do you call yourself ambitious?
Do you worry that you will lose a job?
What should be businesses’ commitment to their workers and communities?
Are you instinctively good at business matters?
Do you stay later at work than intended?
Do you live and work in the same town?
What things do you like about your work?
What interests do you share with your coworkers?
Do you meet or miss deadlines?
What do you think about the difficulty of applying for a grant?
Do women still need affirmative action?
Have you ever lied to get a job?
What motivates you most to go to work each day?
What would your company be like if you had never worked there?
What job would you most or least like to have during the holiday season?
Would you leave your job to pursue a singing career?
If you were alive 150 years ago, what job would you have had?
What is the best word to describe your current work situation?
How much is your work disrupted with e-mail and other electronic interruptions?
What do you enjoy doing, even consider fun, that most others regard as hard work?
Do you prefer a career or a job?
How much energy have you spent in finding your calling?
Do you think people would be surprised about your thoughts?
Does your work define your identity, or is it defined by family role and personal interests?
Have you ever had a mentor?
Have you ever been a mentor?
What would make your life easier?
When discussing your career with others, do you tend to exaggerate, understate, or be factual?
What was the most creative or exciting place you worked?
What company had the best lunchroom at a workplace?
What invention would make your job much easier and more productive?
What were the most challenging working conditions you experienced?
Have you ever made personal phone calls from work?
Do you consider your work an escape from the pressures of home?
What is your leadership style?
How has the Internet affected your profession or your job?
What coworkers have you particularly liked or were memorable?
When you look at someone who is hugely successful, do you think of him or her as a lucky person who was in the right place at the right time?
Do employees without kids work harder?
Are you jealous of people who have experienced more career success than you?
Do you have any advice on choosing a career?
Were you encouraged to explore all your talents and interests no matter how often they changed?
Do you get excited when talking about your work?
Do you eat lunch at your desk?
Describe your best-paying job.
What is the most important work skill to have?
If you came up with a brilliant idea, who or what might prevent you from implementing it?
What work wraps you up and carries you away? Do you achieve flow?
Can you predict exactly what you will wear to work every day this week?
If you were to be fired or promoted, what would be the most likely reasons?
What do you think about drug screening of employees?
What is your best excuse for not going to work?
What occupation do you think will be popular in fifty years?
Are you too amenable or too good-natured at work?
At your workplace, what type of excuse for leaving early would be most acceptable?
What is your favorite place for a business lunch?
What is your favorite thing to put on after work?
What is your favorite day of the workweek?
What is your favorite thing to do after work?
What is your favorite word-processing software?
Have you ever gone on strike or had to deal with a strike at your workplace?
What about you led to your career choices?
What are the most important things you can do in your job within the next twelve months?
What things would you rather be doing when you are at work?
Would you prefer to be a research scientist or a senator?
What should all companies provide for all employees?
Where would you like to relocate your workplace?
Should employees have a say in the salaries of their superiors?
What is needed to make “work” more fun?
What things do you do to make it through a tough workday?
Are you willing to pay the price of success?
What is your greatest creative ability or gift?
Do you use your talents at work?
Do you like to take or give orders?
What was the first time you discovered power?
What is your major concern about big-business mergers?
What is your job stress level?
Why don’t kids want to be President of the United States anymore?
Do you think success at work is more likely if you improve the way you look?
How often do you feel others are better, smarter, richer, happier, or more successful than you?
Have you ever achieved a success without experiencing fulfillment?
What is your favorite way of wasting time?
What do you consider wasting time to be?
What is the highest honor you ever received?